Page 1


.
Joseph Juste. The work of about amendment of the times, the last edition of this, from the author of the manuscript, that, the more correct, and a vast accession of auctiùs. In addition there select the fragments of the ancient Greeks, to whom a number of obscure chronology of the place of the holy, and of the Bible they are enlightened with the notes of the same Scaligeri.
.
This is a reproduction of library books that was digitized.
by Google as part of an ongoing effort to preserve the.
information in books and make it universally accessible.
https://books.google.com.
https://books.google.com.au/books?id=BYcExH7cj5MC.
.

I
Ifeuoieca Naz. ; '.
I Ivftorio Emanuelelii.
|.
f * J ** 5.
f l. .1! A. ΎS 100 50 1 A G E R.
1000 N 500 E E E O N A T 1
E P O R T 1000 5 M \ s.
Joseph Juste.
1 5 1 50 1 100 AE S A R S F.
P 5 S.
70 E.
E 1000 E 500 N A T O N E 1.
E P O R T 1000 5 M.
In this poftrema Edition, from the Auotore to its Manufcriptorum ,.
faultlessly, bold accession.
auetor.
1 T E A T E R V to 500 V 1000 Graei heart VM.
Fragments feleéta;.
Marcus
In this context, a number of obfcurißimi Chronologie facre, & ßibliorum illufirantuj ;.
When not 1f eiufdem Juste.
100 O 50 O * \ * 1 AE • £ 50 O 50 O R G VA 1 ,.
Printed o v e r n is 1 A.
Marcus 600. 29.
Community Cefarea Maieftatię ... with privileges.


.


.



* •••.



.

.

 •.

i. .
 .
 .
3 \ (ohilìmo and influential man ,.
MASTER .
A 100 A A A A HEREIN Lae G.
E Q_V 1 T 1.
From 1000 P 50 1000 1 1 1 S S S E N A TV S.
P A R is 1 ns is P E R N 1 100 1 IP.
1 5 S O S P H E R E 100 a lig
1 5 100 AE S., L. P.
J. TD.
SUA.
AgRIPVS noftrum the amendment.
{| Days, A man of clarifsime not of whom.
| for the first time under the name of your light.
}]} To see happen now again.
£ \ §ęZ4iste returns, poftquam him better first.
82 ** s = 2 ^ ¥ * ftin culture acceffit. And as the SI.
They bear it is estimated that at some time in your way.
has been to render the old with that, rather than a new one ,.
dedicare. Previously there as well, which will be corn.
degree the singular, and in addition to the smoke of God, in Thee.
ftudium mine. All the more so now fortaffe to.
from the new edition of this bi has been, so far as. previously.
to be recommended to be conveyed from the love of nostro. You could approach.
ptum We are confident: pofteris so that it comes to our wish and desire :.
which, indeed, deserves to be it is not ability, but of the work of war.
The argument is, however, a noble, and difficult, which I.
ought to have been in ancient times handled, nay more, it is not in this LEES OF WINE,.
6t. 2 delayed, delayed, cuinihildifplicet, nifiquodbonumeft, either.
at all events from the other, about which I am, to be occupied, so that minusinui.
Concord them. I can not poffunt the first no.
was tried twice, I do not vtederemus, but as curiofitati.
noftru fàtisfaceremus. Poftquam & TA is equal to gambling ,.
This creative and overpopulation vifumeftpræftare vol.
proceed as set forth Yet, if human trials.
the right to æui ftem, it had been better, do not, indeed, was born.
fuiffe, infignem the deformity of a child. However.
I said, 'with the grace of the goods of these Aristarchi ,.
them, præftitum was a countryman of ours, or it is not the intellect.
lexiffe, or to admit that noluiflè. whether it is conceded in.
The next trial, which fell on the other side of birth.
fuiffe can not deny that poffunt. However faftidia and contemplation.
ptum of explaining this effect cauflam say ,.
I dedicate the book. By the way, we manner.
æui abilities that publication of this examination.
fuiffe, whence they are not minusquid nonpoffènt, than.
what they did not wish fcire, perfpici was able to. It poffunt.
oftendit, quisrecentiorum before us this socerebellar.
whatsoever, which may threaten the nosprimos hocargumentum.
uafiffè: the old, nor eíí fcriptoribusil.
la hauferimus, do not noftrum it was discovered effe videtur.
crime: they think, or to be haufuros, not to go to hocope.
m noftra require. It poffunt oftendere and.
, however, they prefer to nefcio, which he, from us difcere :.
with the foleant to nothing else, than anybody else's son.
ot discuss mistakes and whatever they know it.
call error, supra whatever their place.
 is, cft, fufpeétum have. But a Defense or Apology does not Inftit.
`Constituted and deiftis vitilitigatoribuseritalias talker.
local gods, no effort is quosíî above.
"Teri, with the greatest sensitivity. from which, for the gift in the.
noftri tationibus and hate, and the FE and of truth, is a good one.
We wish for the mind, it is not alone, I, as noftris by hard work.
the bus a more favorable angles, but also that they carry them to understand ve.
Inst. It is not very need we linger over these dogs, the &.
nosapud remember that you will do A amplif.
fime, of which the employment should be intervened, is in the.
interests of the State, since to sin, you are more in place of pofitus.
f is much that there is time to draw out what gram.
uiorum business furreptum not. It is not.
The heretics in your íumma thing to say about this place, it was foreign.
are falling, with the work of the brilliant, and towards for so many years.
King and country excelF recovered in this way.
roof præfertim fuperioribus deal with these fu.
neftißimis of the civil tempeftates of inind, except for the.
Price of work, and the journey otijargumentum effect: a.
in addition, there will, however, those who were with thy praise.
When combined with the effects fciat country's glory, never.
than in scriptis, or the telling of the gift of the salute.
of the country, they should remember that, but think of your courage, the tuifque.
native desirable services. My true.
in the praise of does not need it, that they are in the mouth of all Pofi.


Page 2


as well as said, that in the mean time I shall remember that the business of your own.
to spare, nor your times of waiting any longer. Take joy.
tur A summa, is needed. noftrum, which is 100.
For α 3.
\ |.
Because of your power and 100 for veterans.
I love you to your old, should go.
Pesaro with all the cauflam fua the bounden duty of. And the power.
fuum have the right friends, but in this friendship.
the main thing. This is what I expressed this to this.
invited. It may excellently be done with me, I think, if as much.
the power of your hand to admire, only with your love! glo.
riaripoßim. Goodbye. New Batauorum. 3 Eidus.
January Giuliano, in Christi Dionyfiano mil.
lefimo quingentefimo nonagefimo oétauo, who come from the.
nataliMeßiæ millefimus fèxcentefimus from the truth of the rat.

....
CJ. SEPT.Q. E S P O R T E N S C H F 50 A 1 A 1 N T S y s.
500 S e p h o e 1 1 50 1 A G E R S 100 1 100 1000 P o y t o.
Æthiopico and amendment of the book.
 W Chronicle. · · ·.
\.




§en T 1 50 1 aßemdit quondamfaper athera / ^ wing ".
$ Ifte and admitted to Jupiter secret pact of its kind.
{S C A G E 1 50 R, and the lights of the world's great difpexit ,.
CCL) and vile / Peru € $ mortalibu $ imui kingdoms.
 F & aetque the leaders of the mixture /? Anit saw ,.
94i Veromi Once the rule this time, holding.
$ Ubdita triple widely towns fine spring / ,.
* I mean the dark fate of a fresh fidera faais ,.
People celebrate the heroes of the soil, by which we Jirí the mouth of the latramti.
Pulgerat and coworkers cufiodis names / rescue.
Since that time, Jupiter chance blameless.
Viferet from Ethiopia, where Joel occafu high.
Ocean slope / eperr named earlier.
Com / èendens car, the rest WARM added.
Scaligerum count, and 5 merit honors with honor. .
• 2feroem pergems guinetiam for both long and drawn *.
~ Aeuum people, men / 2 down to the $ oils ,.
* Naßente / Mie divine intervention out there Vessia / cas.
• 2 / Ox Arab region and the Phænicia and every 5 ,.
visit Egypt Tropicoque amtermina Camerae.
Confámmatura $ aecclines rivers and winter.
he has to make the first race% ,.
Iuftitiam first black men trained ,.
8t first inhabited gods ceremony / Mie facras ,.
The cast wary / how that behavior, and 5 honeßis.
Education inftrauiße way forward both for Affri.
the fates of men, they saw a shrewd-minded, presumption.
Times and the errors of Luma, leaf / Mie peremnis.
Lufirae before ftatuam of menfibus 4 /? /? /} 4/7 ;.
From these sources han / clay it Orpheus Haufius.
The world's tireless Atlas tibia and how.
3æotus the goals of mind deßriptor Orton ,.
Then, the offspring of Jupiter and of Hercules, as well as a cliff.
Cauca / her hanging 6 Cadmut Agenorem? from there.
8udoxu / que, Platoque, € 5 when you say the name.
* 4 and Pythium.
R Libyan Pythagoras once doetors vß.
Do all that is, from the first discoveries of the authors, of every kind.
Greece, next / have the power of a V / us.
Little by little I deriuauit: varies, however, the order of the.
The old system, ipfas faith pres @ fe is working.
Hiftoriarum: vfque so that the mist tectus.
guamuis worthy of the Roman Emperor / SURGICAL.
Take care of Kalendarj, fruflra, however, one ifiud.
7'entatum not conftabat / Their calculation of mind ,.
Auguftus given as either Julius before.
The court could not measure / oluiße Calabria.
guem now Cæsar fòboles doéfißima father.
Scaliger all opens prissa / Mie indiéfa, nouifque.
Unintended author of miraculous to us rich.
"Prom, deßriptis has long been a noble Africans.
cAflrologus, recently safe fulmemtaque $ phæræ.
3arbarica: obßuri light obnoxious / a Mamilj.
Times are better after fidera clears downstream.
And though a day in defignat duly calaber.
"Besides, Ethiopia languages ​​and dressed edge.
"Phænicia, Phænix revered and a single bird.
Scaliger, € 5 a man's deeds on the other side Oh, the times at any time.
organizes, so that now the whole world is well count ,.
Scaliger grateful pofthac entire blame alone.
"Y Y ^.
© 'Τ Ο Υ ΑΥ Τ Ο Υ Φ. ΧΡ.
ΤΡΑ ΠΕΝ ες γαίης φgένα κλίμάζα, και πόλον ασgων.
ο Σκαλανός κλήσιν κλιμακόεασαν έχων ,.
αιθιόπων οι αγαγών Χτο κλίμα ώς έχατε ήμας.
ωγυγίας ημίν δείξεν εφημερίδας.
δυσφρασε γλώωης ιχνώων δύσφαών οιμοι ,.
κ σέλας αμφαφόων και σαφές αλλα (ρφόν.
ΜέμνονΟ αιθίοπΟ ροδοδάκτυλος ως ποτε μήτης.
ίπτω έφεζομύψη κgή% διηερίω ,.
ώς όgφνης Σκαλανόν νυκτός τ 'έλατήρα λυγαίης ,.
ηνίοχον φάε @ ', Πηγασίδων τε πζόμον ,.
ηώς ίπτον έχύ, τον Ιώσηπατον καλές πάς.
ένδικα, τι κλίνης είνεχ Κασηςεσίης.
ώραις ηδε χξόνοισιλόγον πόςε, δώκεν Χριθμόν ,.
ήυ έδεις πζίν έμυ και λόγΘ εδl Σριθμός ,.
παίτ 'αλών δύνα), Σκαλουός διμυατώτερος είν ,.
παίζα φέρεσι χςόνοι, ο Σκαλανός5 χζόνες ,.
B.
Stoico "stoic.
Xejig 33}, άπόνέp% Woic aeyyuatv e tipnas.
 Tatianus.
Ila; oI; Dawa} τητίς 33iy; £ F2 <j Aia), gaqºi, from $ + $ ivis c & ?.
@ Τῆς isvela, 10 "6 and V àvaTw ;.
Socrates described the inner defenfionem Auetore ,.
with Xenoph. > Τομνημον. ft. 441.34.
\ \ E / • ι "\. \.
λεπτόν γὸ ἀτω τί τοιηστψ, OQ. Azmáêv a $ eightfold, χαλέττον δ of / at,> / V.
1 I. l.
A titto; TT τοιήσωτχς μη αγγαμοyi xprry ¢ èxtvxj. This remark vc.
lecher..
 .
f e f ° "f °» •. ". . »» / Q •. > R>! p.
Oό των γε Βαστόν% y APO Èpsw, ίφ 'ca. ajns ajtia, AG. χα.
V / •.
Deal with.
To »\ o; a) \ {xey, λᾶρ 'δος from £ 7} * /%; Listen,.


Page 3


Polybij from Eclogis book XXI 1 1 t.
Ka] μοι.λxáuεγω Θεὸ Gi; ajSegtots% qvas> & τολάζα, τω έ.
 Ἀγάδα? " μεγέςZaw attend ae9 and UA Auaunt). πέντων y% avtla ,.
x ¥ © ariôouâor and iots $ τιοδ ά / 7% wotfftwy Aζ τὰ ​​φάλες.
awfowäyav c ¥ OLD '3tw; autm J) 'find themselves the subject; <W% $ CIO position.
** j Segtwr. Ka] • 7τοΤΕ a and z% ** £ us λύto tie} "jrj; $ U.
YD / uy "of many, 5 τολω 2 * Aiora € 7roxoti $ siàw, τάλος αύτη λ 'αυτάς.
&% Txpatiî, E x %% y (jatv% 4%. So, we had @eo.
fperamus.Σὰ ἀ τz %% r; Xeyioygåøørq% e%.
Egnavv eig τί κέλιον χάρτης άλ.
Σ κ ό%; aiïs ajarìΣείο, Xejié.
Thursday jockey, οζ @ owazrit, qv.
¢ * 32.v ,.
 .
....
•.
.




 .
.




"..


 .


.
 .
**. •.
<•.
 .

 .
•.



  .

•.
 r. .
 .
• •.


\.


 ®. .
 I



•• P O R 50 E 1000 E G O N A.
IN .
50 1 A B O St.
ABOUT *.
1000 N 500 E E E O N A T 1
1000 P O R T H v M.
& 4d white Leäorem.
¥ 500 E from 1 V 1 NTvs 1000 vs. hicannus treated can.
§ diligently LC & tor poftquam noftrum work out.
Oh EmcndationeTemporum emifimus.Perfua.
1000 wild me that some ftudiofe no.
jj bisgratiam they would have so many things, which we & fci.
§tu memory, and anobisprimum indicated negat.
renonpoterant.Sedlongealiteranimatos out.
§pcrtifumus: adeorum, and rather obnoxious to party malice.
rectationiopportunam than illisgratam I spaces.
piffeintellexi. Finally nihilaliud than fignificarunt, quiduispo.
be preferred to ignore rather than something we difcere. Inquibufdam.
white, in other ftudium in omnibusfenfumbonarumrerumde.
fideraui.Nosvero, which had nothing, ever was paid before we have had, than that you ho.
prayers final pass, Prebendries rocket, and their opponents.
COS noftros etiaminuivos support poffit, noftrumiterum work in.
the hand of the fumptumauximus, illuftrauimus, emendauimus, so that, although he will.
the same thing happens aliudtamenanoua culturavideripoffit.Quæ the present publication.
same came,, haudpromptumcftdicere. But where apriore out.
changes pofteaintelliges, fiquidcminftitutinoftrirationemaperucro.
Now, the subject is the ratio of the time signs of appalling civic operisnoftri are selected; and ,.
vctuftatis knowing what verfàntur end, revision, and acted upon.
whilst, metacentc and Titulusipfe use. Ciuiliumtemporum co.
gnitio, corumque Hiftoria, vertiturin multiplicidiuerforum year.
rumforma, & corummethodis the common folk, those whom Computospofte.
Prior aetasvocauit.Tdiyog & ρόμ & ciuiliumtemporum has first of all.
bodies of three books, and the majority of the fourth method to be.
ptimo. But emendationisduæ partesfunt. Prior verfàtur about Epo.
charuminucftigationem, but pofterior near the Tropic of the year ,.
SS & PE11 • p r o G o E 50 E 1000 N A.
And Lunar periods, rather than the material pofterior FOURTH ,.
itemtotiquintus & fextus meet vindicant.IamquemadmodumEpo.
ChÆ are impressions, and times to the title, itaipfarum epoch.
Some personal effects should yoeiaua ?, & characters: for.
charaeter alijfunt naturales, alijciuiles. Natural altar.
vtriufque adjustment faith vndenaticycliSolaris, with the Moon restrain.
abinftituto, cuiufmodi indiétiones & anniSabbatici fine quibusin.
harumrerumtraétatione all their attempts were in vain against a. And those again.
also in the cunning vfuseft, nifiquædamannorum exillis periodusinfti.
tuatur. However, these plates are so many quotautformæ years, autciuilia.
starting points. For a year, in the Egyptian Nabonaffarialia opuseft, acinan.
noSolari for diuerfa form also applies to a annoAétiaco flue Diocletia.
Neo other things, and, in the Julian to be for the sake of diuerfainitia. Inanner Ægyptiacova.
gonaturales charaéteresfunt eixoovTey% € € ¢ t orbit and fiagTj; So.
 hearth to restrain the charaeter than four years, quemcanicularem.
annumminorem called Aegyptij. Hitr Characters infeduéti.
They produce periodummagnamannorum 7 DO gyptiaco what.
difputata season must be used, for superstitious reasons fiquidem years.
Nabonaffari of the Armenians, or to perfom he demands it. But quianno Julia.
no, quæomnium forms is conuenientiffima times, vii.
delight, is a cycle vtriufque Fideris Fifteen duet componetelegan.
tiffimamperiodumannorum 7 8 9 Oh, cuiusinitium in the cycle of solar ,.
Roman & Indiétione a Kal.Ianuarij in March cycloLunaria in.
annoSabbaticoabautumno.Itaque nonminus useful, quamnecef.
fariaeft.Sinceanihil deals chronologia: total time and tartar.
impcratQuamenim slippery places is made retroabaliqua epochanotareté.
the times that maiorpars doetè of a train vfus taught us.
Hisitapofitis, adfingula huiusoperis members coming. First book.
mopræter diuifione season and iucundiffimam menfium, Sec.
annorumhiftoriam, the form of difputatur of the antiquiffima of the year, that is in the.
nmcnfes æquabilesannum taxed, quapleraqueomnis Græciavfà.
cft, and from these the whole concept of Olympiadumpendet: unless rather it up out of play the role of.
Olympiadum amplified by a statement: that the end cognitioncOlym.
Piado never been so exceptional vetuftatis and biblical times.
 mentuminlucem eruiffemus.ExtantaautemGræcorü fcripta.
Indeed, one face shined to us an abundance of Pindar, who alone nosdocuittem.
pusludicriOlympici.Aliter, which paucitaseftbonorum fcripta.
there was no viaad this inner arrive. Greek this year.


Page 4


reiapudmaiores noftros fcientiafuit: with the not long ago started a thousand four hundred and thirty.
five hundred men: and his years, more or less a thing is neither the sole, nor veftigium.
Many Vctuftasrctinucrit.Namfalfoveteres and infimæ or after them.
tiquitaP R E C O O 50 1000 E N A i i 1
).
tiquitatisfcriptores, and Solinus, Macrobius, and proauorummc.
fummus a memorial TheodorusGaza year, Greece immediately.
Lunar right from the beginning fuiffe projected. Although it is in.
Pancgyribus properties and Gentlemen facris, which certoannorumcircui.
You came back, one of the phases had, however, vtvnoverbo.
I should say, does not the moon, of their anniforma erat.Olympicurn enimludi.
ipfas Lunæplenalampadccclebrabatur portrayed as veterumnos alone.
teaches Pindarus. In addition, the Spartans before the full moon, or moved away.
rcligio was mild to begin. Replace a xwyixdg AG ^ & γας conquered.
proverbial boast military and the Arcadian proverbial cone.
cioneglectum religion obiectumlcgimus.Quod it had happened.
allotting one, the other, or the full moon that that for the most bcllaaut feriora Aggr.
I mean, Lwow, whose name was on account of eamrem out by the neighboring nations, aego £ ^ :.
reproches that cauffa AB Arcadian interpretation is elufà ,.
probruminlaudemconuerfumad vetuftatis fuæreferen origin.
military, and older than his native gloriantibus.Quod trust to get it.
nouilunijac Full Moon, the times of the Panegyricus of games and shows deligebant ,.
For this reason the temple profane the tricterica inftituta: cuiufmodi were the revels of Bacchus ,.
Isthmian, in Ifthmia, alia.Ea for eftanni Græcaniciforma, vtfi, for example.
grace of God, nouilunia inneomeniam Gamelion is not incurred, plenilu.
incandem month ends meets the third year of harvest. Therefore.
When inTetraeteride revels biennial celebrated on the third.
In eumfitum year going to the moon, who earlier secret passionate fituiop.
pofitus erat.Quare elegantiffime Statins tricterida vocatalternam :.
For alternate nouilunia and the full amounts. But the temple profane the ,.
At codemLunæ things necessary for tasks entrusted to the radiation.
tetraeterica examples in the attic Panathenaica maiufcula in ElideOlym.
pious vtiam touched plenilunio.quodfànefierinonpoterat, nifiab.
foluta Tetraeteride and Pentaeteride ineunte.Atq; So Tetraeterides.
μα% of the Moon, to the same thing, I do not praysing; In the same period redibant.Vt Sunday.
Sun and Moon return to the world, it is not possible aliterputabant ,.
How oétaeteride confeetus, eneaeteridc ineunte.Ex quoquaedam.
encacterica course divine, because the name of the inftituta: cuiufmodi from the beginning of the Pythia.
There were, and rightly so. Apollinienim, quemeundemcum sun.
directed their march, they were attributes of God. Hence we infer that, it is not alone Olympias, who had.
interuallumannis the four solid cxplicatum fuiffe; fedetiampue.
rilitas led them to five years folidorum fuiffe concerns.
Nor, however, quibufdam recetioribus fuccenfendum, who itacenfent ,.
So fcribunt, but also Aufoniumnoftratemculpa free Ouidius, fcri.
ptorlögeantiquior and noble that ætatemfuam or fifty.
norumdecemOlympiadibusdefinit: quomagis mirumPaufàniam.
hominemGræcumin cahærefifuiffe, so that fuo carried back to the place from us,.
 SS 2 cft.I V. P O R 50 E 1000 E G O N A.
eft.Nam less wonderful Sec Solino that cap.X 1 1 1 Ifthmia calls.
of five years, which were in all but for only three years: quodcertamen acy.
pfelotyrãno intermiffum, primo Olympiad 49 inftauratum.
fuiffe dicit.Horumigitur cauff to the typumanni of all the men of Greece.
BORNE equal. On the subject prætermifimus any of those things.
can be considered as illuftrandæ did make heretofore, although practically all the præfidio.
deftituti.Et quidemprimumingenere, which is always the usual, then.
private Greece periods propofuimus countries ,.
these are not anniforma, Fed situ and head to each differ in.
quatraétatione long as we are fuitcum præftantiffimoviroTheodo.
roGaza, or, rather, with his fequacibus, from which they can not be wrested.
can serve and give three and fitus menfium from the illoprimumproditus.quæ.
Gentlemen genius same skirmish, and the remote omniinuidia, Vt.
fpero, pleasant. Quidenim than the whole book, which, dear.
nimapars, no dicamiftis reaching the nihilfciunt, but also doétio.
behavior, this tartar and tartar oboluerit back there before? Buffer.
Cam ae $ agiaiuoy fiusg%, one illarü cauff and vfumfcicbat? who.
of Cicero, he did understand the place of the nobleman of the illisinVerrina? distiDguisheth.
Since the J3a / 3ίσεως the second Boedromion? Who among Pofideonem.
Calari menfem fuiffe? To this solid matter which acceffit ἐποχὴ κάττε $ e.
e08 v 1 1 1 July, which was in the previous edition omiffâ erat.Id xà 7rov.
serving as the name agorêv 3 "c / YOV Aristotle, Theophrastus ,.
Plutarch, the ancients and let them all understand, but not to the ipfum true.
Solftitium, which is a fair way to notationobis illuftriora.
praeiuimus. That Solftitiorum, & the Aequi should furnish & tiorumpunéta Xa ^; æ vo.
be honored, of fate, they know, they read the books of the ancients of the Greeks. Distaff.
mellacardines vocauit.In præftantiffimo Parapegmata that falfo.
Ptolemy attributed to (eft enimantiquius Ptolcmaeo) to V 1 1 1 Kai.
July (what eftSolftitiumSofigenis) is described, Æftiuus pivot ,.
Momentary disruption of air. In Greece (vtinamhaberemus) p.
nedubiofuit: Θce / YOV Xa ^ goy, and syuoJa Dig @ @egxfi. So κόττον.


Page 5

 Why r 1 2 days Iulijerat.
cpocha aeftir in the vfu the civil war of the year, it is not once cauff we paid.
Adicáta also perncceffaria neomeniarü Attic Map, which.
the first edition was not alone, but also give attics and appended year quarter.
Lunaridicatus is so abundant in the book, because it exillo year.
Græcoæquabilimanaffe videtur.Ibi revealing all antiquitasêras.
aegv @ € IAG, Oétaeteridum Cleoftrati, Harpali and Eudoxiquæ am.
niahodienomine down notaerant. EudoxeaOétaeterisnumquam.
In vfus civil admiffà protector. Year to 5% from £ / € ίας the vetuftiffimis PFE.
phifmafin Athenienfiumprimo is exCleoftratea, and then put it.
The law was repealed, ex Harpalcapetiti equal. The year following the big Meto.
 •} ^, nicusP O R E 50 100 1000 E O N A. t.
Cynic way, and Calippicus metonic caftigatu. And indeed they are.
ambonomine notitantum: cauff however, and everything that has to.
that office, there was wonderful it was to recognize my haetenus. Acceffere this dessert.
tieni Maps operofiffimæ stewardship moons Meto.
nicarum and Calippicarum: cuiufmodi also HarpaleaOétaete.
the ride exhibition. That deEudoxeaOétaeteride we have said, the same amount of.
period of the Chaldeans: this must be declared eamnunquam adciuiliatempo.
m, fedadGenethliacorum thematavfurpatam fuiffe. This, he thought the time.
the argument many things, as well as certiffimum, just one, that is, that of things.
menfes terms of Macedonia, there were no true Chaldaicis.
Because of that straight year with a lecture doétrinamdodecaéteridis.
Chaldaicæ the horoscope-joined it, of which the name of the.
Cenforino known eratex alone, cognitioautem nobisex Arab ,.
& Orientaliumvfurepetendafuit. Does one Greek word \ wd exaggerate.
WW2 / 3® ^ X ^ d \ XIXI remember that it is not easy to say. One.
his meminiffe we ​​know so far, to set Orpheus flue Onomacritus. OG.
4% ς ἐν ταῖς δρόςxzetheiaiy.
Aga, DL 'oJJi; a) g, xoìegy% @.% τύ2gyy% ,.
igaoiX &) ;, & δς τῆμ® $ egyóvá ') ajzrui.
Apotelefma cuiufdâ is better than some astrologers Confuli Genef '.
dequoipferefpondit, eumfore, the great king, or Dynaftam, & c.
He quotes Tzetzes.Haec lot Illuftrati doctrine Dodecaeteridos.
nameless little past the Notes. And so, quaestiones he τελálás.
Even so, d \ d \ x £ Teid from $ fcripferat Onomacritus under the name Or.
phci. What has been the Jewish year under Seleucids, the match.
They did this, teftatum have left many examples: in which etiamtranfla.
feriarumin the board anniantiquitatem forward aduerfusho.
minesnoftrorumtemporum, who nuganturcommentumnuperum.
Jewish cffet. On their right Thcolog great commentary.
fuo in the Gospel of John productive exultabundus she said.
tranflatione Iofephus from the spot, to confute, in which the fcribit, in what year.
Hyrcanus treaty with AntiochoSidete, Pentecoftcnfuiffe Monday.
First. HunclocüIofèphinosolimin former cditione produced ,.
frozen, autquiilliindicauit, accepted. Behold, said he, with the two Sabbaths.
tinua.SiproptercontinuationemduorumSabbatorum, feriatrans.
tends towards it; therefore, where there are two continuaSabbata, is not transferred. At that.
busapertc oftenditfeignorarc cauff holidays transferring quæfic.
batpropter folumTifri, but not for the sake of others menfes 5 for the sake of.
the fact that he has a menfis many folennia, adeovtfi do not have one.
the ratio of tranflatione, and sometimes not alone twain, but, also, three had attended the.
iness; fabbata to engage in neceffe takes place. If it is a weekday fexta campaign.
ncomcnia tifrum, at all three fàbbata circle of investment, ncomcnia ,.
£ 3 fiucv 1 p r o G o E 50 E 1000 N A.
fiuc sound of the horn, fàbbatum normal and fast Codolias.
Continuanturautem fæpenumero at some of the other menfe.
the two Sabbaths: and it does so, the first day of the week, when the folenne eftaut, or fe.
via sixth. quorumalterutrum quotannisincidere, nifiquandoTifri.
begins on Monday the third day, Doétorignorauit. On the first Friday of the incident.
this folennia Matt Cafleu, and x Tcbeth the annodefeétiuotam CO.
imuni, which embolimæo, quotiefcunq; tifrum begins on Monday, fruitful in :.
5 Sivvan; quandoNifanincipit feriafeptima: XT Nifanius Matt 1 Ta.
Muz, 1x From When Nifànincipit on the first day. Underneath the sixth.
Matt agreed folenne Cafleu, and x Tcbeth, certain Tifrieftferiafe.
ptimain note saying which is the common, quâcmbolimaeo. 14 Adar time.
Nifanfequenseft on the first day: the force of Sivvan, quádoNifan the fifth day of the week.
We see, quotSabbataquotánis, nifiquádo Tifriincipit the third day of the week, Iu.
; and the Jews continuentin aliquomenfium, other than the one in the fòloTifri, of which the.
vniusgratia that cautioinftituta Itaq; doétortâ fruftra, than the props.
4eIofephi carried out fextaSivvan testimony, that is, pentecoftes.
prima5cumilloannoneomeniaNifan fueritSabbatum week. And yet.
there is nothing fupcreffe, she thought, than that you restore the image of the Vatican of the mountain.
ret i) 7ra / AW. However yourfcif very ignaruseft these things vtreliquiom.
inclinations which, they contend that the newness of the effects of the Jews of the imagination. We are.
validiffime demonftrauimus and tartar Christi and rctro fubSeleu.
dots, tranflatione the vfu fuiffe. & fanci resperuetuftacft.quae yet.
of not less than he knew not, quamperiodus Calippica, quaSeleucida :, &.
Not alone from the edict of the Jews vfi.quod Seleucidarum Nifàmanniex.
<Cidij Jerusalem and the nobisdemonftratum cft, but also to clear.
CX dcfinitionc Master Adda.

Page 6


5 hours later, £ * # Quidhac definition else wants, quampcriodum.
Jewish fuiffe of 7 years, 6 days when Meto defines the year.
3 6 5.hor. 5 .; I go out to be conjectured he leaves, pe ^ vtipcriodoanno.
Rum 19. She remained in the period 7 6 years old, that cft, Calippica :.
And in all of the new moon ®aaiy obfèruabant not.
declare that it is his office as judge of the præfcripto periods can not, but for this reason, he might make her.
fanctificarent. For hodiequoque & obferuare 4aaiy not vtexea.
Moons information, but that the cam fànétificent. Moon, therefore it immediately.
vifa say: "Say, w> n \ x% * & NR said ffyp. ciyafiòv τάegς άω ήμῦ ἐ πάση.
Ivegì. Muhammedani & they do the same thing, even though the new moon being out.
fcripto occasions foleant. Nequealiud intcllexit fabulofis Indeed ,.
an old but still yearns Aeëtean \ "y Ila € 8 Xa056Aæ in Clement :.
pundis 10% IeJak * CAOS (R) Sab.) kajjim eXeyou μόοι oidρόμοι τὸ 3so ,.
206ax £ V, Gox ïaïs') ^ ατε & οῆς ἀγάλας Κ λgχαχάλοις, μlui $ G fin.
Kαιάμλ σελήm η <p * j, (αά% y 6% λεγόμ άγεσι $ x $ μονπςό {γ, εσέ νεο.
£ luia, dyeaiy and τε ἄφμα, άτὸ ἐogrœ and τε μεγάλίω ημάegy. Analytically.
   Oh claraPR E 50 100 1000 E O N A L 5 1
in a clear, indeed, ifta: fcd ncfcit, how he speaks. In fact, in the power of the Jews.
teftate nunquamfuit as expeétarent φσου because rarely Moon fč often.
dit, except fccundopoft sexual die.Quod fiexpectandum ipfis effect ,.
That is utterly ridiculous acciderct, as of the month Elul, who is cauus menfis of radiation, it is not fo.
full sky, but also sometimes one and trigintadierum cffet.Sinc.
tranflationcm understands the appointed seasons of doubt, of which the cauff he does not know. 7 %% w.
Ca% z%) * uujn VSN caputanni.NamSabbatü calls, calls quiaFe.
ftus day αςgχός%. So, too, is Leuiticix x 1 1 1, 24. £ ogrlw Intel.
lige κατὰρχήν τω τεττκοςή: quodita Hebrew word, népeny ,.
Videin account of the Jewish people. But μεγάλω ήμάegy calls τω σκluoTn.
χα, κατ 'ἐάοχω too, it is in. In fact, there were many other μεγάλω Άμά.
Gau, and equal to or as a consequence. Thus, Tertullian great day he had.
Hebrues Anni or t = yyib. His words are now in the Marcion :.
Day obferuata and Menfo and 5 times, and amnos, O Ye, such as OPI.
MOR, and cemaspuras, 6 fast and big days. But what Tertulla.
whether witnesses? Behold, for thus they turn from the first Greek King cap.Ifàiæ :.
τοῖς νεμ'uia3 JuJJ, %% (3 %%, and íuáegy μεγαλ / ω Gox ojyoμα.
That Hebraicc cft rep, turn it μεγαλέω ήμάeg ,, what is the same.
In what is, and is openly Keep diftinguuntur ma.
īgnis time, why do some pcrperam μεγέλω ήμ £ egy interpreted.
Saturday attributes with John, Lu) o ugydAm huíeg. Qassem.
ßdßv x € iy8. as explained below. Tertullian, and that Ipfe @ §απά / ας ,.
which he calls the pure running after costly feasts, from the diebus with great and from the iciuniis, & c.
"Saturdays diftinguit. Of Supper pure, other than that, what we have to.
Fest, so I found an old and very well Gloffario Latinoara.
had gone by: Paraßeue, dinner is pure, that is, the preparation of, which is made on behalf of.
fàbbato. Annals founder ecclefiaftica uneasy about the dinner.
pure, and refuse to cffet parafceuen for dinner with pure feast.
has a shot urcani. However Ipfe, (Doctor of peace were) no.
residence pure, not because it lacks the meat, but because of what was left.
Leon and say cauffa becomes. For parafceuae Iudaicæ have a car.
fines and nevertheless called supper did, as you say cauff co.
And their children, coquunturque today profàbbato for the Sabb.
The cooks were not allowed to. I do not deny reader, this MSG.
go not to be realized. The place should be, therefore, is mobiliffimus. However this.
, frankincense, quifquc Leétoribus is one of so many, these things, or who do not pass them by.
bit, or to revile? Scquuntur periods was.
aad year alone system from which the Indians, and Muhammc.
Danish totally dependent. First of all Arab fcri now.
not of the party fly, and on which all tra & change is noftris to men.
new protector. Will await you, this year, of the Jews was the doctrine of the moderns think of a thing, is.
faepc said artificiofiffima, idcoquc cxim for better.
 4 2l \ 1 \ 1V p r o 1 11 50 1000 E E G O N A.
the years of the moon, of formaconftituinon can serve. Docemuspræterea, vnde.
natusfit the annorumcomputus, quovtuntur today, a V 1 1 Eight.
fever; queminepteputanta creation. After multarumPcriodo.
juice, life had passed, Oétaeteridum, Pafchalem Historie, in place of the vl.
In fact, the Romans, @ i5o29jμ $ μæ attempt at the Old of the year, day hang.
which will take the form of approximately abeffet alunari: where they are defæculoRomano ,.
And the veterisanniRomani, temporibusvltimisC. IulijCæfaris.
fingula accuratiffime difputata.Itaque from individual things, many things to be taken.
ta have established, namely, indeed, since it is more fingulilibri & ingentes confié.
poffent n, p, that people today eftambitio, the no.
Twice inceffiffet. In the third year of a timely book equable given cli ,.
cumannusSolaris Egyptian adfcitis five days, from the Greek.
propagatusfit: (quemadmodum year orbit from the same Greek.
This generous spirit, so that, when abieétis At the same xv diebus, PAULOU.
formely) that metacente Plutarch taught inlibros áIoiJ & Gai.
e / d ©. Adeointer felibri noftri each other confpirant, ncq5ab to make the calculation ,.
method abeft order. The hummingbird Neuruz old bear.
a period of twenty years, and the areas; dierumPerficorum titles.
tranflatione άγάπαγομέραν cnthronifmis of the new Begum.


Page 7


mcnfibus, omnianoua protulimus.Scdhæcnon expcrgcfacicntani.
custom men, nififorteadobtreétandum.Quartuslibereftgmen.
datiotertij, vtfècundusprimo was fubfidiarius: which method im.
Greek libro difputatur orbit perfectly, so perfectly fč.
cundo.Sic etiamperfeétusSolaris and fiquialijnaturam Pert & Tiimi.
enlist, fupplentid, quodæquabili Egyptian finish and armee.
niaco vctuftasdetraxcrat. And thus the four parties in the tribucnd.
containing the first year, the fourth year of the excunte days.
tuorquadrantibus conflatusaccrefcit.Exillis higher felegimus.
Julian, A & tiaca, Antiochcnum, Samaritan and alios.Nam.
& Aliosquoqj ciusformæ we had vtTyriorum, quorummcn.
bes appellationib. Macedonian diucrfà start to Julian. So.
CTIA Gazenfium annusmcrc A & tiacum was appellationibusmcnfjú.
Macedonian mcnfibus thirtieth. Marcus Ecclefiæ Gazenfis Dia.
cone, INA and tie PorphyrijGazenfis Epifcopi calls Aiow Nouembrcm.
Aaee ^^ j December that they have the names of Macedonia. But.
idem fcribit Gazenfes celcbraffeTheophaniorum diem offered.
Audynaei that eftfexta IanuarijIuliani, be auté rcdiffe Conftantino.
Pole year, on the third vicefimum than a tenth of the fuiffe O & despise.
Aprilisfecundum the Romans, to whom oftéditformamilliusannime.
• re Aetium fuiffe, menfibus thirtieth and appeals Macedo.
Sundays. Sccundaparsannoscmcndatos, corumquccmcndandorum.
_ I2I1QI1CI1A P O R 50 E 1000 E G O N A. x.
the character of compleétitur, and the third periods of the many things, which at their end.
A civil agreement with the solar year, the fifth day of the year.
accrcfcit beginning. The fourth part deals DC true improvement of the year, Sec.
cælefti inftituenda of the year, which belongs to the method epoch.
world. Just as the moon, of the years of the civil war, however, there is no reason.
Reet should be calculated can serve, in addition to that with which the Jews they do wear: So no one is, and the year.
forgive you Tropicus Reet inftitui can serve, except from the form which I have published.
the mouse, quamnemo vituperabit feathers, save he that ignorauerit, all praise the ,.
He understands. Alioquinfcio and malicious and obtreétatores yet.
futures. Annustamnofter, quamIudaicus of the civil indeed, but of the elders.
as if a natural, vterq5 to the movement of quifq; I have been with Fideris defcriptus.Ideo his falter.
fcriptis vfus are in effect the same as old Philadelphia Dionyfianus ,.
Chaldæorü Calippicus, today bear Gclaleus. Tresigitur book.
the first, and the first part of the season belongs to i * Rate $ PA citizens.
Hum with feptimo. Atreliquæ three parts quartics two books.
fequentis pertinentad Ipfa the amendment of the times. And.
so that all the things from the mundiprimordiis dcducuntur, so mundiepocham.
these subjects at first the order of pofuere: the thing he is like a child than were deluded fint.
all of them, nófineadmirationetam than the obstinacy of their lack of knowledge.
poffis say. I do not speak of those who have tartar of wine in one, or more of Al.
than He, Original of the Matter be required. In fact, quaestiones he ij nullamratio.
the end of which fell upon propofuerunt, which fequerentur, so he had made no leétores narr.
cifci poffunt, except inexperienced. Those within the tartar of the greater of the world.
cpochamfaciunt their duogenera find. Is the former kind of them, even ,.
quifolutionemcaptiuitatisinprimumannum Olympiad with Lev.
food for him, the other of those, or a 1 x 1 x 1 1 annisan quitempusillud xv.
50 x 1 1 1 1 Olym'pas you define it. In the former haerefibus were Sec.
quidamveterum ecclefiaftica, as explained elsewhere. They say.
Cyrumcæpiffe rule in the first Olympiad LV, hoceft 217 ,.
Iphias year, which is true, and it feptuaginta quibusdedu about to leave.
Turannos excidijHierofolymorü and cafusSedekiae from 147 at the first.
dicr Olympics. But pucrilis fentétiamultis abfurditatibus escaping.
tur.Primo straight years, not counting the 50 xx seated.
kia.Deindequod Cyrumftatiminitioregni fuiRcgemMediæ through.
are friends, and Sufidos, Affyriæ, of Babylon, of the whole of Asia by a minor one, of India, of the whole.
Conftituupt Syria, which for several years has been whether a single rogue King.
You cafum Aftyagis and poftilludtempus a few years before his death.
Fit.Haec folaabfurditas makes himself master of Babylon, that I do not of them alone.
nullaratio may be had, too, but vtludibriú; debeât.Tertio 147 years.
Iphias & Nabonaffari than those who had previously initiúNabo fifth year.
pollaffari father Nabuchodonofori. Therefore Nabuchodonofor year.
dccimonò Kingdom and the temple was Hierofolymacucrtitannis five ;.
 2ntCX. PRO E 50 100 1000 E O N A.
in front of which the pateripfius, to whom shall he fucceffit, for the kingdom. Profeeto deserve.
fententia and give these recipients. However abeft just as well for this.
figniabfurditate from the fententia defiftant, like the soul from the ciufmodipor.
opinionumfumant.Poftremoignorant held diuerfa cffet initiated.
m as to its Nabuchodonofori with his father and leaves Alexander ,.
abexceffu father Philip, and from the beginning of Seleucus, Diocletian from the air.
witnesses and the primoannoimperijSicctiam Cyrus apudGræcos from.
the beginning of the reign of treachery; with the Babylonians, vcla fubacto the whole of Babylon.
government or abaliquo infigni will attend to whatever it has been, fine.
Hesh and to ipfius year, fine tranflationc άγ) άτοιχομάω as folcbat fic.
ri.Qui such infcitiam fequi refused, RC & nontamcn such a way.
inftiterunt for fifteen years before autamplius 1 x 50 V Olympia.


Page 8

We had annumquartum her.
Olympias, who had to happen, so it is not potuiffe demonftrantur. Begat.
RexIuda, poftquam fingulari of beneficioab edged morbocon.
ualuiffet, annox 3 1 Kingdom have been received bequests and corn / z, Ame.
Rodach king of the Chaldeans. Put X 1 1 1 1 Hezekiah the year.
primoannoMerodach, hoceft in xxv 1 1 Nabonaffari. Nami protector.
annusprimus MerodachapudPtolemæum from the Chaldaic obfert.
actions. This is the first year of the agreement Ezekie year.
X 11 1 1 Nabonaffàri. From the beginning, to Hezekiah, for the destruction of the temple of the, of the year.
are abfoluim 1 3 8. Hoccft, annusipfiusexcidij 1 3 9 labensab is unfair.
tion begat. The so demonftrantur. Sedekiae than the first year.
the fourth week, the tefteIeremia, initially the cap. XXV 1 1 1, and microwave.
vndecimus of that grade, eftSabbaticus. dequoextattcftimo.
apudIeremiam two years and one year dubitat.Rurfus thirteen.
Hezekiah was a mouse Sabbatic auetor Ifaiam XXXV 1 1 3 wherein o.ex.
manifeftocolligitur, X 1 1 1 1 Ezekie effects primü Hcbdomadis and private.
mumEzekiae effefèxtum Hebdomadis.Ergo annisabinitioEzekiae.
united moreover, the method of unity anniSabbatici.Addita years.
1 3 9, the number will be feptenarius. Why year, sliding 1 3 9 is true.
abinitioEzekiae year. Quibusadditis 13 years Nabonaffàripræ.
ceedeth (quiapofuimus 14. Nabonaffari first Ezekie) components.
turannusNabonaffàrii ​​§ 2, in which the cafusSedekiæ hachypothefi.
locade is to hoceft in annoperiodiluliane 411 8 of which derive.
9O7 abfolutisabExodo stays annusExodi 3 2 t 1 to Periodoias.
liana. Moreover, Nifanius of the Exodus and He began the fifth day of the week, as we have said so many times, and from the.
NMofereétiffime before us Iudgidocuerüt.Atinannoperiodi Iuliang.
3 21 1 Nifanius no starts on Thursday, in fedferiatertia, Martijxi, cyclotis.
Sun, the moon x 1 x. The next year, the Nifàncæpit Monday.
the fifth day, isdebuitfàlté ejse annusExodi the same rigid length; so it fueritannuspc.
Rio Iulianae 3 214 in quofanc Nifancæpit feriaquinta, April V 1 ,.
. CYCLOPS R E C O O 50 10 1000 E N A. I.
cycloSolis 1 xx i moon III.Additis 9O7 annisabfolutisab Exodus ,.
41 2 1 year period, Digest of it in the fall of templiconti.
git: quieftquartus Olympiad 46, vterat propofitum. But, and after.
Olympia 46 ponendumeffe cafum Scdekiae to prove ,.
Amafisrex Egypt poftquam s regnaffet years, died circiteran.
7 whether Cambyfis, annoanteexceffumipfius Cambyfis, hoceft year.
2 2 5 Nabonaffari. Nechaointerfectus is a Nabuchodonoforoan.
noquarto Jehoiakim king of Jeremiah 50 V x 1, 2. After that realms.
1. What shipped Pfammitichusannos April, of whom Jeremiah.
x 51 1 1 1 3 Oh fuccedit. It leaves the kingdom after five years Amat.
Summaannorum a meeting Nechaoadobitum Amat, 8 years 6 that.
deduéti of 2 2 5 1 3 relinquuntannum Nabonaffari 9, quartumIoia.
Kim RegisIudæ first Nabuchodonofori. ErgoSedekiascaptus.
1 5 8 Nabonaffari year, which was the third 47 Olympiads. That is five.
Rum effects poftea validiffime demonftrabimus. Writes ,.
auetor Græcorumcertiffimus all the attributes 50 for five years Ama.
fidi.reliquos wild boar and Pfammatichihabemus of Herodoto.Teme.
cause, therefore, she ignorantly, those who cafum Scdekiæantiquiorem him.
the time of the conftituunt not just in these, and coffee Fefe will be able to explain ,.
quantumuisfuacommoueaytfacra as Plautus talks. Hisvalidc.
demonftrata and license chronologorum in some finesfum.
an earthquake, they do not poffunt quosampliusmigrare, to the origincsipfas pénétré.
mouse. But, prior to Vtin mathematics, cóceffa and the vessels for autquænega.
ri non poffunt, affumuntur, so nobisquoque done. Loser.
Kings of Babylon of the Chaldeans marked the beginning of the times and obferuatio.
ends of the ecliptic, which rejects and condemns Extreme & impudentiæ.
infcitiæ is, again, their reguminitia times aBerofoChal.
daeo, quiminusquam three tartar postill lived and engaged action.
, and the deeds Babyloniorumpubliciscontinebantur, ignorarenópotuit ;.
these things, I say, I do not tantumtãquamverahaberi poftulat, but also ,.
quialiter people think that, tanquamindignoscenferi, that could be heard a no.
twice they deserve it, or settle any letters be in contact, or that any one locuminter.
doetè are able to. Tricefimo a year, which was at first Prophecy, mother.
mentioned by Ezekiel, who was taken prisoner Jeconiah, the fifth, and the Jews of what is unfit.
pull the book from there to the fifteenth year, 1 1 1 Iofiae King. Quisvn.
quamalibrorepertovllam air, autediéto Iofiae inftituto, accept items.
Prophets vfurpatamlegit? Sitantieratilla time-evident why.
eamnövfurpat Jeremiah was quite accurate age of the kings of Iofiae ,.
Jehoiakim, Iechoniam, Sedekiae points folet? Capitcxxv, why he says.
quartoIoiakim year, with ongoing dicendüeffet vicefimo a book.
discoveries? Agree, why, Ezekiel said tricefimo, montricefimoalibroin.
ucnto? He is the fifth year of King transportation law;.
CrtC.
> 1 x 50 E F G H Pr O O N A 1000 E '.
Certemos is vtiepocha, all of which are known and invfufit. Why.
epoch, therefore, produces, nor the people of the brand, ncque in the vfupofitam ?.
However quidcacpocha work in Iraq, intcrdcportatos? In nuga.
of the Jews; nugæ are Iftar, & hallucinationesdoctorum, who would make them fč.
quütur.

Page 9


riæ cauff confcij, these ineptiisexplofis say that the annumnon.
book is found, but the Jubilee fuiffe tricefimo. But is this the eftlitcmlite dc.
cidere.Nam, quomodoIudæiannos the Jubilee think that Iubilca.
numquamvfurparunt? At the week duration, vtinam.
tioxx V 1 1 1 prediction mention fèptimanæ fourth year, Imitio rgmi.
Sedekia, ammo fourth. Anniprimi mentioned again and fecundiin years.
x 1 1 1 1, and XV Ezekial, with thirty Ifaiam 1 1, 3o. However notation.
preserving Jubilee imone Iubileiquidem mention Nufquam, save.
In the arguments. The commandments, so much, have not been received the day of Jubilee obfe.
uatio. But what hæcplumbcaIudæorum fententia a XV 1 1 1 lOfi.
Jubilee believe? Putantura in the first year of the Jubilee of the week, it is not.
by feptimo. But XT 1 1 1 Iofiae feptem feptimanæ was not the first.
Why, if the moscffet believe the jubilee year, it will not be used this year.
tricefimus that fed vndetricefimus Iubilci, a xv 1 1 1 1, and also a.
xv 1 1 1 Iofiae. Finally, it was the year of the exceffus Mofis 8 6 2 8 § 5a.
diuifioneterræ% from the flue *% £%. Therefore, it was VICEF fruitful in bringing, it is not.
vndetricefimus Jubilee. See how many errors there præpoftere fumptibus.
nobispeperit. Therefore, neither of the book found the quodeftab.
furdiffimum, nor from the Jubilee he shall, quodeft false in two ways, the same Triccos.
the dung of the year, we think that he is made 5 fcquitur, can not be denied that, from the.
some regetunc ruling deemed effe.Namdeportati & ca.
Among the winners of parties, quaepocha vtipoffunt, nifivictoris: In Palaefti.
na had any effect Rcfpublica Jews and Ecclefia well with one another.
sheltered Jews were forced to use AlexandreodominorumSeleuci year.
it is clear: how much more then of the Chaldeans, inmediaChaldæa, nullislegi.
the bus, there is no Republic, there is no Ecclesia. Nehemiah was thus beginning the book.
fcribit: vaccidit menfe Casleu.amno vicefimo when eßemincaflro $ U / AM.
Sialibinon cxpreffiffet be the viccfimo year Arthasastha speak not.
dubicaliquod Jubilee hiccommenti effent unfit for Jews and ine.
ptiquidamhominum noftrorum fequuti cffet. Eodemquoq5 no.
doloquitur Ezekielamnotricefimo, nonadic and to the nomine.Quid.
it was in the Hebrew, Chaldee, for the work? Duoergo Rcgcs together orders ,.
Nabuchodonofor, and he, who had already Tricefimo year of the runner.
His authority. Quifham O king, live obfecro, has been able tricefimumannum INRC.
gnoagere, since it Nabuchodonofortertium dccimi ruling ?.
Nonalia that the addition Nabopollaffàrumpatrcm Nabucho.
donofori that is true. For twenty years, ruled folidos x 1;.
"• teftcP R E C O O 50 E 1000 N A. 10 1 1 {.
tefte Berofo.Quodfi filiuset annoxxx patrisii twelfth place.
abfoluerat happens to rule cæperitanno father decimooétauo ,.
He was Nabonaffari 14o. For the first Nabopollaffàri cli 1 2 3 Na.
bonaffàri, teftibus to the Chaldeans, with Ptolemy, the, from the lack of Lu.
obferuata nose. He was arrested in proindc Sedekias 1 5 8 Na.
bonaffari, third and fourth Olympiad 47.Vide has spoken Jerof in Jo.
fEph. Nabopollaffarus of Egypt, he sent forth a son, having heard of him, rebcllione.
When regioimperio and regioexercitu have this moment stands out is unfair.
tiumNabuchodonoforicumpatreregnátis.Mos was RegumBaby.
Loni and fraudulent, for example, or profeéturi troops sons of kings.
clararent, or on an expedition to shoot the cumregio the name of the, tan.
quamdefignatos, if contigiffet ipfum father die, way off to the Son, lest he.
humane about the future of the confusion arises. Example habemusapud.
Herodotus about Cyrus Cambyfem the leaf fuum locates insurmountable.

 peaition the Scythians. Ctefias Cambyfi here attributed the age of 1 8 ,.
However, when alone and to regnarito years old teftibus all.
Greek, and Chaldean yourselves with Ptolemy. Daria was whether bastard.
3, attributes nosidem 5, while only 19 folusimperarit.Rurfus Beroi.
bus xx 1 1 1 years, said Nabuchodonofòrum impcraffe com.
namely 1 arranged in 3 years, he communicated with his father, koumi.
those whom you were alone in the command of the tranfegit, 'Then why Nabuchodonofori reality.
Abel said nonSatrapian, like his father did not vtSatrapes, fedRex.
& Fociusimperijin rebellesmiffus. His words are these: Συμμίζας.
δ Nz £ zodo, 6029; τω λέτη έ έχαζαμάρ when re éxvgi and / za, and.
τῖα) χάegyè% 2g "} ς άύ'τω Aj £ GAA mallow & toinra. Viâorebelli her.
region kingdom / AO / ùbiecit.Moxfubiicit, Nabopollaffari father's death.
You who reigned for nine years folidos, ipfum Babylon faith.
contuliffe: It is accidental to it, without doubt, a number of the days, after He hath ib.
So the Ezckielc defignatum. Obiitenim year Nabopollaffarus guilty.
gnifuixxx. τό τε τότε σιτε συά Naάλαarijg 3% τὸ καθ.
άμωςήτωτι ἐν τῆ Baa όίων πόλά μ ^ %% α / τύριον, ἐπ άααιλ & κότι.
eìxoq άγία.Pulcherrima this cftobferuatio than Berofòvernaculo.
Βabylonicarü the fcriptori debemus.Eadem the lender Eufe.
The prgparationccuangelica sharply, as clearly NA% πολέπιφοι we.
admodumeftapud Ptolemgum by name o'clock λλαοχα29%, for example.
his bag, and is published in the Iofephus: from the time when the foolish what duoseffe got mixed up.
Nabulaffarum & Nabopollaffarum5cumtameneadé the words of the most desirable to be not.
vnaquidem fyllabaminus, præterillud name. Again with Iofe.
phumlib.x ca.II.eadem the Jerof repetuntur.Sed vbihic eftNa.


Page 10


Άαστι} &. Quábcnehæcdiuinis fcripturis so even met *.
• Y fequiturX 1 5 p r o G o E 50 E 1000 N A.
fcquitur, on the death of Nabopollaffaro, it is not Tricefimo annumNabu.
chodonofori may be on the starting fed first. Obfer that matter.
uation from the cotempore digna.Iudæi primumannum they thought fit, in which the.
cumimperio miffuseft. Sedin Chaldæa, during the first year of Confut.
git, after the death of his father. And so, of Daniel 2, the year of fruitful in bringing Nabucho.
donofori to the end of the doubt fecundusab death Nabopollaffàri, tricefi.
eiufdem first mouse from the beginning, from the beginning Nabonaffari 1 5 2, fextus.
Sedekiae. And so we made sure that we get familiar Capitisfe time.
duty of holding court in Daniel, who was one of quartufdecimus, and the year are taken and Give.
Niclas and fociorum the king Jehoiakim, the sixth regniSedekiæ.
Accordingly, in Syria, the year he was but twelve 1 1 Nabuchodonofori, fecun.
pact on Iraq, nonautemxxv as vapor Jerome.
Nabuchodonofori out of Syria, out of a certain Victoria Nyanza, and Arabia, with a.
remembers berof. But Jerof He says only a vfque adobitum.
Nabopollaffàri, which was x 1 1 1 Nabuchodonofori her son. Hist.
illustribus demonftrations fua fomno is preferred, in which the anti.
more unfair cft fomniare, than to speak the truth, or noff. We are going to rcliq.
proceed. The year is captiScdekiae Nabonaffari 1 5 8 41 24 INPC.
Rio Juliana. 9O7 years, launching a solid left a year 3 2 17.
Exodus in Quief z 2 64 Jewish account, where Fane Blow Ni.
Characters had the fan on Thursday, April second, cycle.
Matt sun, moon force. But quadragefimus year and quadragefimus.
feptem, that is 3 2 O 3, and O 2 3 1 fabbaticus was Jewish. Iofuae.
X 1 1 2 7: 1. Jews account dicuntfeptenariosannorum flue air.
fuse effects of the sabbatical. 3 and 2 O 3 and 2 3 yo are feptenarij. Therefore.
I suppose Jews of 5 years and sabbatical with them after that if the law.
hil obferuationem vetuftis this thing is done; it happens that firmiffimum.
the stronghold of the future is made of these things inueftigatoribus. Neo.
Nifanius Exodiconueniebat walls with neomcnia Krion. Yes, indeed.
There was a natural moons. In addition, quadragefimus seventh.
The year agreement fabbatico Jewish 9 O 2 is the year of the Father.
Cefi Nabopollaffari in accord with teftimonio Ezekiel.
Deniq5 86 years feptimo Cambyfæ reckoned back definunt a year.
Neco Aegyptij strike, codemque 1 3 9 Nabonaffari That con.
He came cidcm computationi.Negari igiturnon can serve this cffet example.
Ram Let Epoch, and the Word of God 'and vfus anniSab.
Batica and Hiftoriarum is on the outstanding fcriptorem wizards.
Berof, and natural moon vtriufq5 faith in a single conuco.
nientes cup. Poftulat something else? An Vttam ccrtis ,.
egregii well, and without prejudice to the arguments fomno Corybantumantcpo.
Namus? Who would ever itahaec demonftrauit? What demonftraùits • P O R E 50 100 1000 E O N A x v.
Qujs otherwise poteftdemonftrarc? From the very purpose of embalming, adexodum ,.
abfoluim 245 2 years, are being mcnfibusfex the autumn annivers.
abfoluim 24 5 3 verc.Scd anteExoduminitium year was supposed to.
autumn and spring eodeminitiointempus Tranflator, tekuphatamcn ,.
that is, the end anniSolaris continued inautumno about it tekupham.
1) cus rlu) caelum ovy% w cclcbrari charged. So where is the beginning of the year.
From ancient times to the last, and then returning to the start of quoq5.
gum, which is carried out by us, was found guilty priorifèntentia the.
ftatucbat events beginning in the spring. Pete excapite the rest of the legume.
events Moreover, the lunar year of the vfu is to its advantage.
start and rationibusTropicis suitable abautumno how.
holding that the greater because of Orlu) {w and Passover. For if the year.
noftrumcaelcftcmadmitterent and hocvnumcauerent, vtoxlwoTvyio.
citimafitin second Zygon, fempercitimum Passover effetinneo.
Krionos.quia intcruallum walls of the new Zygon, adneome.
Krion money, equal to 8 fempcr 17 days, one day more than the fee.
mopegia for Passover. AnniSabbatici cauffasiam pledges, vc.
Rum year fabbaticum Jews has £ tenusobferuari demonftrantur.
the mouse, the beginning of the hcbdomadum fumptus, it is not needed at least from the defect of the manna ,.
The fanaticiquidam, and the truth hoftes make a foul 48 annoExo.
O gods, of the capite XIII Iofue, & rationibusdo & couch and the Hebrews who have.
?, say the seven years the way it is, fubiugationis earth, the seven pi \ n.
fuiffe, that cft, diuifione. which seemed a & tiffimo is: and therefore; every week.
the first diuifione, it is not possible to proceed to the number of the fubiugationis. Is.
The year before, could fabbaticus cffet agriculture? The anger than others.
dcfunt three times putare.Tamen do not, I will not be wanting to us, quifolo of opposition.
ftudio, they may be seen as a FAPE, aliterftatuent: whom by means of me, and not alone.
hocfacere, but also allowed us to laugh when, in reality.
nulloinprecioeft them. This aroused epochs is diuerfitas cxcidij Ilija ,.
When alij4o7 years alij4o5, eumcafumantiquiorcmprimaOlym.
Piado ftatuant, apcruimus I give and be a third of the year, from an Attic, which is acceptable to Him.
referimusquicquideximiumexaltaobliuioneeruimus.Veram pen.
Eratoftheniseffe hearing to recognize that the disaster coat.
cit in the year 4o7 Chapter Olympiad ciufquc true.
Julian day in oftendimus.

Page 11


I give the same anniGraecixxIII dielulijcelebratam fuiffe or doctrine.
We will open one. However, some of the ape and the like.
vulgatamin properties vanidicisChronologiis quoted cuiusrcicogni.
making one of the Pindar, whom the others lean in; they saw that the velocity; know that we.
docuit.Quemadmodumautem Olympics, such as Karniaplcni.
June celcbrata fuiffe first book, the chapter on the period Spartan.
(2 ^ 2 1 cftcnxv. 'PR O 50 O E 100 E 1000 N A.
ofiendimus.neque alone grow, but also eodemanno that.
Olympics. combustion; Herodotus says strength in the first 11 Olympics & Karns.
möOlympiadis7's celebrated fuiffe fcribit, d. 3o7 cditionis Hen.
riciStephaninoftri. When eruditiffimi Many men, and even among those.
Onufrius Panuinius father Hiftoriarum many accuracy of finch Vr.
bisdifferuerint fashion that it is nothing to do and the appended perfeetion deeffe videos.
tur, & more deeffe, however, be inferred from the noftris difputationes poteft.
Monereverodcbent Annals & fcriptores fast, quitempo.
m fuaadannos the City guided vtra Paliliafequantur, Varroniana ,.
or Cato. In fact, at any rate Onufrius nofter, tamctfi Catonemfequi.
tur, however, inquibufdam imprudensad Varro as holding up some deserters. Unless.
diftinétio this funding, staged many confequi neceffe protector.
Example Christi has in recent years by the City of new modes of years ,.
quodhaétenusabomnibus factitatum.Chriftus inanner Varrone.
misvnoannomaior is present in a person, rather than in the Catonianisapuda.
Hum. Thus, vtdixi, ridiculafunt. The fequentes epochis though.
occurritobfcuritas it is not done in the first, tamcnfempcr anything.
demonftrantur novel, præterfuperiorum fcriptum confuetudincm :.
where there are some things verodie and year of birth of Alexander eiuf.
that of death: from the Encæniis Maccabees, and dcinitioSimonis of the Jews.
Ethnarchae, quemIudæi John, about dropping in Hifpanica. DC.
quibusomnibusplurianouadifferuntur as trite and vulgaria.Iam.
we have referred to the fuum the truth of the year from the time of Herod the Iofephus exceffus ,.
which epoch a tiacum and it requires time to carefully and fear.
the reason for the notation, to which contradiction does not poffit, takes her, defectumLu.
nostril, which happened on January lx, 45, Julian, at the beginning of the year in which it.
In December Dionyfius small and inexperienced ftatuit fequenti years old.
applying Christi, nouemfolidis mcnfibusfcilicet after exceffumHerodis.
combustion; diligentiffimus $ 4 $ αλήάα% of all fcriptum Iofephus.
thereof, by the matter of the kingdom of the capture of aSofio At this point, that both you and said, deceffiffexxxv annolabente.
rofolymis.in the tameninterpretatio used. NamreueraHe.
rodesobiit annotricefimo fexto from the days of aeftiuis nonianni Julian.
"Ergotricefimus fextus year starting time of Herod aeftiuisanni.
Iulianix 51 1 1 1. He died initially Nifan.Igitur finedubio dcceffit.
Julian year x 50 V, which erattricefimus fextus, entering the time aeftu.
want to get, as we have said. But from the computation of the civil wars of the Jews, but not yet.
Isa 1 year iniuerat.Iofephusenim and Iudæieofaeculo thought.
a xxiii Ijar all times, so that alibioftendimus: whose confuetum.
conceived in ignorance of this that had deceived many. AbIjar the Hyrcanuses, fine, vtIudæi.
They call John 'Hafmunaitricefimusfextus year Herodisinubat ,.
quitameniam nine méfibus front of confuetudine Romanaini.
 uiffet.P R E C O O 50 10 1000 E N V 1 A. I.
uiffet. combustion; his deceffit is confirmed for the first time an accurate putationc.
diligentiffimifcriptoris, then marking eclipfe, quæomnemcon.
diction to do. But one of the epilogifmis Eufebij Herod 's land.
1 year Julian, 51, the seven years folidispoftillum defeétum.quiftu.
por has not he earned it Caftigationes, cumtanquamforexindiciofuoperie.
Archelaus was assisted by his deceffit Seleucia on immediately, the eiusfi rit.Nam be broken through.
liusiniuit: this can be, if we believe that to this oracle, Eufebiano, cQn.
tigeritanno Christi Dionyfiano feptimolabente.ErgoChriftusfue.
ritannorum the seven, out of Egypt, the warning of an angel with the reuocatuseft.
The eftridiculum. Again in the tenth or tétrarchie mother.
Archelaus from Auguftorelegatus is Allobrogum.Secun Vienna.
dumtempus from Eufebio has decided that this should happen in Julia.
no Lx 1, which was the third running Tiberij years abfolutos.
after exceffus Auguft. This modoanno third exceffus I drove.
ftus Archelaumrclegauerit.Vides d @ Aid. However innumero3 see ,.
This fomno the like. In fact, almost all the Chronicles of fane.
And the Annals of the ftigmate inufta equal. And I pray for these men.
the bus will not effect an exceptional intervention has endowed the Cæfar Baro.
nius, The Annals ecclefiaftica fcriptae, whose work, to lead us.
sacta is away from his friends when he learned of thanks ^ εχόμ $ μα fcriberemus.Is.
EufebijIofephum, drives to the mouse, a man from that in this place, as it were of the empire.
tumtemporum: cumEufebius you get them from Iofephus caftigâdus been native ,.
For abfque Iofephus effet, to what I could out of the Herodehaberemus? Who.
hæctraétauit, in addition to it? Who could it be, vtfcriptor, cuiusdili.
fidesin designation of the race and season fpe & tatiffima, iniispcccaue.
comes to an end and that Eufebius alijignoraffent? Scdipfe teacher, Anna.
the founder can serve to behold them, restored to life, vtrifides of this seizin, Iofe.
Pho, whose arguments cummotibus forgive you agree or Eufè.


Page 12


We boldly that we are not alone in their language, but also.
In foreign tutiusillicredi than all Greek and Latinis.Itaque.
definat mirarido and my husband, why so many educated, and we are also the quinonin II.
Us learned, but in huiusfcriptorislcétioncperegrininonfumus, tan.
tumillideferamus, cuiusfides and learning in all clucet. Cæ.
by whomsoever on old wives' of the Eufebij of delusion, beyond this, than to.
modoprotulimus, fàtislibro fextodifferuimus.Sed to Epochasno.
ftrait, I have come to give an account of all of which the length of effet. About.
The epoch of the martyrs Diocletianea not poffunt to remain silent, eamhaéte.
Even less do and tiffimo impofuiffe is that from the outset of Diocletian.
All begin to believe. Here prodigiofi errors and magnaConfu.
Jum confufioim Annals and the fact they are derived, and prefer to pm.
2 ^ 3 ïnls "XT 1 1 1 50 R O P E N E G O 1000 A.
Min. In fact, the beginning of the Diocletianiperperamfumpto that a mistake too.
perfecutionis epoch engage. In ancient times it always leaves Aegy.
ptii Chriftianis has been lightly vfurpata. So Hiftorici & Chro.
nolog, who had begun to bud from an temporibusCaroli Magnidicunt.
nisChrifti with anteamos effect of Diocletian years of use, they err. For.
which all nations in the vfu was. Only a single Ecclefia Ale.
xapdrina and that illifubditæ ing this epoch eftfemper VFA, vii.
has been chosen and called by the Egyptians, who called Elkupt ,.
J.sj iij lo ^ \\ J Aju air • 2 / artyrum nature. For.
That is a mistake that lately £) Us captivity and turns in the dispute.
ns Alexandrinæ Ecclefias he miffis, annoMartyrum 1 3 yo that.
Christi was 1 5 9 3. martyrs entered the epoch nine Augufti, '.
ideft, neomeniaThoth Actiaci or Mafcarã Habaffeni, annoChri.
FTI Dionyfiano 2 84. The beginning of the Empire under Diocletian finch.
87.Diffèrentia anniduo 2 years, O & menfes to. The disturbance, which is in.
Confuli from the times of the Maximini, vfc¿; conftans for children.
m, eavtiqueabantiquo protector. But not smaller confufio through the years.
fecutionis and where there are great dóúxgy {A4 with Eufebius, though.
and you really sent from the beginning of Diocletian, and the first year perfecutionis.Ta.
In this particular, the faith of all the Chronologorum nutat.Namedi & mé tú.
Of the Emperor Diocletian for the surrender of the copies previously cli Ecclefiarum euerfio.
do not, euerfio Ecclefiarum prior to the slaughter of the martyrs. Happy African bishops.
fcope & focij was treated so fupplicio in Campania, quodcodi.
ces of the divine, that is, the temple profane the fcriptura to hand over noluiffent. Itaquein.
Aetis their fcriptum was έt du & adpaßionis us is the place to be.
ipfa moon in the blood conuerfis is the third Kalem.Sept. The eclipfe.
To speak manifeftum is lunar, the probability is that the color was, nor fangs.
NEUMES Aftrologia call cuiufmodi undoubtedly happens in Christ.
FTI 3 O 1, cyclolunæ 17, four years of solid command ever before.
ecclefiarum the net, and on September 1 1 1 will not be 1 1 1 Kai.
Sept paffionem four days after the others. combustion; upset.
eftordo words. Lcgend it seems, and duena e adpaßio.
mis place dietertio Kal.Sept.cum also ipfas Moon / steeping corn.
uerfia eft.ideft, quotempore moon failed, namely, the new neighbor.
May. For the conftet grown 3 Kai. Sebtembris and thus produce.
JKalendarium, it does not appears to effect error in the notation of the time. ATDO.
Baroniua this year to less geftaconfert 2 O 3, three annisantc.
perfecutioncm and yet think eumeffe productive year perfor.
of persecution, martyrs, who was nineteenth Æræ, decimusautem.
feptem running from the reign of Diocletian. But Aja% οιισμοῦ it.
 •. IllnmP R E G O O * 50 10 9 1000 E N A. ;.
v.
Annals of vodka propagatifunt in part from the errors of others Chro.
nolog, whom the author of fcquitur, and partly from the years of Church of Christ maleada.
fuam real epoch restored. The result, as from the beginning oh.
causes your death, to the times Nicenæfynodi, not just to a year of Church of Christ.
of the true epochæfuæ rent is made worse. Itaquetriennio at any time, for some time.
do four, two, and often is mistaken. Exam.
pi Grace: The Fall of Jerusalem occurred in Christi.
Dionyfiano LXX, where appropriate, with the new Nifanius neo.
walls Xanthicus tefte Iofephus. CHRONICLE the year.
7 2 Eufebij that is a mistake, but elsewhere the same caftigatu. Cer.
as well as it is, Fructuofum Episcopum, Church of Christ sake, and, with a hearths.
paffus year before Peace & interfpiratio given effect ecclefiarum.
AurclioAntonino under M. and L. ÆlioVero. The time he Eh.
fcbius confertinannumquartum Olympiad 1 c exxxi those that protector.
Chrifti Dionyfianum 16o. Paffus Fruétuofus is the year of Christ.
FTI 1 § 9. The other demonftrabimus. The trial Fruétuofi & Aetis.
fociorum read produent equal before Easter. February Wednesday.
fexta. Therefore with the letter B. Accordingly, this has happened to The Sunday there was a anrit.
1 § 9, three years sooner than the marked off. An in Aetia.
Dream soldier fociorum fcriptum exist, they nccatos fuiffe caterpillars.
moquarto the first of September, the day, time grain.
The Sunday version that had happened in G.Hocneceffàrio 3 O 5 ,.
He was the first perfecutionis the Passover that anniantecedente, post.


Page 13


the terms. But in the annals refers to the year 3 ot that.
driennio before the captor. Rurfusin Epiftola VigilijEpifcopi Tri.
dentini of Paffione progressive Sifinnij, martyrij, and Alexander ,.
So lcgitur: Paßone saneio On the fourth day of May, Thursday.
fextus, naßente light of day. Therefore, they are grown in 4o3, cyclo Sunday xx ,.
When xx x 1 May to Friday. But in the annals, he is said to be fcri.
PTA year 4oo Christi. Written in the native years before slaughter.
ipforum Martyrum.Cui abfurditati yourfcif nonadfcribct guaranteed fcio.In.
iifdem Annalibusex codiceAntonijAuguftini mention is made of Homiliae.
Cyril Epifcopi diets in the birth of John Baptiftae, Pharmuthi.
vicefimum mounts, indiétione primary, junior and sub Theodofio VA.
lentiniano.Ergodicta homily was the year of Christ 43 3, April.vicefi.
aunts. Latin Annalibusreferturinannum 43 2, April.2 9.S.Bene.
Monks Western dictus father died 11 Id. April, Sab.
batofànéto, as he tells of a monk, a pupil of St. Mauriipfius Aimoinus.
Bencdiétidifcipuli.Totoillofaeculohocnon potuitcontingerc, save.
5 3 years 6.Taméin AnnalibusEcclefiafticis setting Wes cofer.
2 ^ 4 tuixe 10 PRO E 50 100 1000 E O N A.
inanner be 542, six years holiday. Many peccarineceffe protector.
In Geftis Benedi & TI, which is in the Annals of those reports. The encyclical.
epiftola vigilijs of the Pope was scriptum: the most pious, the most merciful, and.
Impcrator on Sunday, that is, on Februarj, gloriossimus jury / aos.
definare is deemed to us. In February 5 54 Κalendis the day.
Sunday. AtinAnnalibus is given in § 2 5 year two.
years earlier. Faétain 'Passover trouble; and before the year 546, that out of the Cedrenodo.
cuimus, the head of the period Dionyfiana, book 4. The Annalibusre.
5. Martin said fubanno 5 4 Epifcopus died in Turonenfis.
3 9 5, vtaccurate from nobisdifputatum eft.AuétorAnnaliumSigeber.
tU1111fèquutus coniicitinannum 4o2.Ex coerrore many sins.
is in the times of the RegumFrancorum.de quibusconfulatur the fi nal.
lecture book fextihuius work noftra. Not once monuimusma.
fight the perturbation effect at the start, Commander, Maxim.
the Valentinianum.Vtaliostaceam, Conftantine from others at the start.
3 O 3 from 3 aliisin cast O6 year. But Conftantinus iniuitim.
periumpoftobitum patrisfui chlorine. He died in the Great Bri.
tanniaannoprimoOlympiadis 271, vtinquitSocrates.Nosoftendi.
mouse, apudSocratem, HieronymiSupplementü, Nen and others ,.
proluftro with Julian, the always Olympas, a column of smoke, I do not proluftroOlym.
pico Elidenfium, idq; luftrum Julian years pofterius effeEli.
the equality, with the incipiatabar, noIulianobifextili.Itaq; isfuit annusbifex.
ūtilis which he died Pale, and the government entered Conftantinus. Sedduæ.
precautions must be maintained. Prioreft, to be known Conftantinopolita year.
Surely, fine, here we Credo, which began on xxi 1 1 1 Sept.
bris. Second, to prolepfis vfurpata meant a year of Chlo.
vi. For twenty died in July, Lx 1 1 1 1 1 xx dicbus before September, and.
eundemannum, however, is related to the death of his quoiniuitimperium.
the son of his, aego ^ nfixâ, as I have said. Omninoigituriniuit in control.
3 O 3, or 3 o7.Namprimusannus OlympiadisIulianæincipit fern.
By 1 5 3 days before bifextum.Sed nemoconcedetChlorumobiiffe.
3. Death of the year 3 O 3 O7. And equally in 3 O7 iniuitimperium.
Conftantinus, Exantus Day 1 I force Kai. October. eiufdemanni 3 O7.
These were provoked by Doctor Annals fcriptore, and that was not there.
diffimam prodidiffe us that Constantini imperiuminiiffe exanimus.
No. 3 o8 when vtinquitipfe, iniueritanno first is 271 ,.
Chrifti of 3 O6. We, however, we deny any help some guilt or abfurd.
innobisadmiffam tie. Namann Christi 3 o8 Conftantinopo.
litanusincipita in September of the year 3o7, that now it is the diet. And a microwave.
about Him, and alioserrare, quiannum Christi 3 O6 from KalendisIanua.
rij say cffc year labcntcm Constantini. For this, they want ,.
Cllm p r o G o E 1000 50 10 10 E N A. I.
When they first Olympiad 271 Elidenfis first year effects.
and He began to seem not, for from the days of the former Iphitea mumConftantiniOlympias aeftr.
uisanni 3 O 5, which was the first year of persecution. Why in recent years.
Constantini, as in others, infigniter sin is a man give Ac. Them.
placed in quinquennaliaConftantini are given in the year 312, vicennalia.
3 27. And in the interval between those two celebrations were destroyed.
And both were clearly called Indian & tion given at the beginning of the quinquennial ,.
dcfincns in the vicennalibus, by which the Council of Nice whoso marrieth.
But ncq; I prefer the Baronio: Cause of doing an appeal.
Indictionum end frames. But, we say, there is less iniuste us.
here, rather than in the beginning of their empire Conftantiniani rcprchendi. Does not.
Indiétiones three years suspended, and in the quinquennial Prince.
Campus panegyribusremitti? If he does not believe that she had read them and things.
This edition to his colleague. Quinquennalia theories.
άπύεμῆσις, hoceftadverbum, fparfiones, viewed, profufiones in.
quibusliberalitas of the Prince to the remiffionem vfc¿; taxes, and in.
words, editione fpeétaculorum gifts, gifts, and give '.
natiua spread.

Page 14


smoke, but also temporary proipfàindiótionis known. NamquodLa.
Martin say Indiétionc first, second, third faétumeft that the Greek.
  »V» / a. .
say i $ $ $ atisufirw Age, D & lle%, τετή: Nonergonos, (cdipfc.
          a.
fallitur.Quid? fiinitium Conftantinianobis unknown taméquin.
deducerent.Itaque to ignore that it is not of him we manuad quennalis.
poteft.Neq; less than CRRA, with the defeat of Maxentius, hurled into the year.
31 2. In how many ways cnimhoc refellipoteft? But, de eofur place to sleep. For.
Maxentius anno313 no 3 12 extinctuscft, bladder £ tePanuinius stamps ,.
Indiétionum but poorly from the beginning and cauff repeats from us.
Once diligenterdifcuffumfuit. The sixth libercontinetrefiduum Epo.
Chares, says nobiliorcs quæftionesde Natalidie and Paffione Christmas.
FTI, Seven Daniel, who shortly diatribis explained.
do not poffunt, perfequimur.Neautem, or by the imperfectly formed, autrcfraétarijau.
And the judgment of our early fcriptum præfcribere poffent, paucade.
Eufebijerroribus inantcceffum delibauimus, where, in addition to large.
U & ajazowo roundabout, puerile delusions of Effen confutes.
And we have known, of whom I Chriftianos fuiffe hocvnico argument proves, that the.
doxfilaJeffent and folitarie lived, and monafteriahaberent: quafiBon.
Zios IapanemfiüChriftianoseffe cenfeamus for coenobitæ and are ,.
& PfalmosquofdaminftarmonachorumEuropæorumalternismo.
Dula and their exemplary Canonicales hours. Their RG.
alijxowößoi payment, alijμοyd% Further exceeded. But of such things there, founds the.
fccta fuiffe be prolonged. Aft ά κουορίω, does not, or of them, even the gods: the uses of manure.
• battle.
i.
} 1 21 50 E P R O O M E N A * 1000.
synagogues have been restored to temporaIuftiniani.Sunt enimij likes.
licola voçaîtur. For what its name indicates. We are pushed.
Angel. Thus, vocarivolebant, for the sake of fànétum, & caelcftc, vtipfisvi.
Merit for life inftituto. InperueteriGloffario Latinoarabico Ce.
licola "y3. ideft, Angelus.Praeterea for the u * & £ afiiya) no.
Who were baptifmi auetorem Donatiftis. The leader of the y9catur.
The major, as he and other Jews. This is because at Philo questioning.
Why Effeniilli said angles $ egr & jlaj, both of them for their medication.
prearranged or because they worshiped the eoconiicicndumrelinquit ,.
they do not diétoseffe quasi ~ PSIA, and, as that would quidami lunatic.
Hebrew letter profeffor fed quiaix £% calls, co oftendit.
»Gon two other hoceft, íxæ $ dς, ix%. That Christiani not have been partakers, fed.
merely Effen, ftatiminitiolibrioftcndit Philo.fed and Saturdays fummam.
culture, and so on, which Pbilone He spake recounted fated frivolity.
they condemn Eufebius, & the rest of the old masters, who Eufebius fequuti.
the first volume of the same hariolatifùnt.Sed inAnnalium silently perftringi.
fententia be noftra from Auetore, quitamen fatcor real Effen lu.
daeo fuiffe. Miratifumus, quomodoille putauitinvnumhæcbene.
power company (Fe, Iudaifmum & Chriftianifmum. Vthocprobct, said.
fathers did the same thing and write the old, which is Eufebius. But from Eufebio.
This defumpferunt and civil authorities Philonemnoncon content.
fuluerunt.quemfi legiffent never be so funny fententiarum affen.
fumaccommodaffent.Hæc, however, pueriliafunt. I now puts out.
such Christi, quemvetuftasChriftianifmiadxxviii year, A & TI.
encumber reported, RC & you. For Chriftusiniensannum one from the Tricefimo.
of the age of fuae acceffitad baptifmum, that you all will vetuftiffimiPatres out.
Lucaretulerunt, and after they learned in the Annals fcripta. Baptiza.
frankincense eftanno xvTiberij, duobusGeminis c o s s. Julian 74 years.
Therefore, to him, he entered into the first year of from the 73 of December of the tricefi xxv.
no. 3 Oh derive abfolutos of 73 years, pending Julian year.
43 in which x xv born in December, he will cycle Monday.
xv 1 1 1 1 1 1 twenty years, A & tiacum so much that vetuftiffimi fathers credidc.
serving two years of solid anteepochamhodiernamDionyfianam ,.
folidocum dicbus for several years before exceffus Herod. This instead.
culdubio true protector. But in the annals go wrong abauétore Lyman.
vTiberij.Quem enimputatxv night, it eftxv i & magnoerroreil.
li it attributes to Confuli duosGeminos, quibusConfulibus, and the year xvi.
Tibcrijiniit the XIX Augufti, cycloLunæ and eleven, in Julian.
74. Nifanius it had recently fecutus is baptifmum Christi ,.
Consult the Gemini, anteceffit year xvi Tiberij in.
cuntcm, mcnfibus five. But fcriptum Annals think that two GE.
Im1I1QSP R E C O O 50 10 1 1 10 1000 E N A. ■.
aminos Confülatum geffiffe the cycle of the Moon, xv 1: the curve becomes, indeed, not to the fic.
{Conftat.Nam there is the beginning of the year 7 5 Digest. Of this way.
cembri 74 years Chriftus iniucrit first year of tricefimo: a.
evacuated, and tis 3 O Abfolutus, 44 year remain Julian, where he was born.
Chriftus shall be approximately three menfibus the exceffumHerodis or.
no solid Dionyfianam the epoch in which this Ecclefia semen.
fanci that many store inquc Eufebij their opinion. But.
Chriftus immersed in 74 Julian paffus 7 8. The difference of the year.
solid four, five Pafchate. In the nullumveftigium II.
extat.Quinetiam author of the Annals of litigation, when a number of years.
do not fuccedit according to their wishes, put the blame on Iofephus does not disown, that is a liar and quiet the.


Page 15


Archelai relegation when you eaXaypa4) Chrifto naflente.
he has a clear and Eufebius to shew. We hallucinationcm.
Eufebijloco fue confutauit, where defcriptionem patrimony.
Descriptions of the whole of the Roman world put us to shame with more of Archelaus.
fue the velocity; He remembers those words σωτη δλτγραφπάτη, defignari it.
defcriptionem single fuiffe it when opening a *; Why did mention.
is the same as of the first mention in the Euangclio Euangeliftes.
so it makes mention in the Acts of the other, so that no injury is done to be heard, the teacher Or.
mere fragments fcriptae, who is not alone in this respect are Eufebij Organizations whose concern it.
Iofèphoopponit, but it etiamadiicitdefcriptionem same effect ,.
I was talking about the aethicam immediately beginning the book, and yet ncque.
time nequeres recovery Dcfcription nafcente Chrifto attend.
For defcriptio, which means Aethicus, starts from the carnage.
Cæfar, thirty years defiuitin 1 1 1, tricefimus sunk to fourth from first.
mis on January Julian, ten years abfolutos the truth.
celebrate the birthday of Christ, to the twelve, before the epoch in Chriftihodiernam Dio.
nyfianam. Thing, however, is not the same, imolonge diuerfa the same rigid length; so.
as far removed from Defcriptio, of which aethicam, it speaks to a defcription ,.
that FA & TA Chrifto nafcente, as ten feet, and the boards of the census.
fuales.Nam the defcriptio aethicam message is agrimenfòribus and.
Gcometris, this rationale. That the menfuraga) aauoi and Gnua.
aiTuoi, haccenfus and resources for But neither the records; reeta with.
ready, no doubt, Iofephumhallucinatum, which a little while before the beginning of the war Iewes.
ci voice from the depths of the temple Vocco fcripferit, she would say H 1 N c.
1000 vs. M1 G R E:, we are told, Eufebiusidinpaffionis Dominicaetem.
Thus the report. How Eufebius better fcire could do what proportion.
Christi wear and Jewish war than 1 fEph? or whence he had.
quamexlofepho: Deill say that nonpertinent adhiftoriamcuan.
gelíc. But such a weak argumentumcludituriis, which aduis..
211Cxx 1. . P O R E 50 100 1000 E O N A.
This Eufèbijhallucinationemlibro fexto we Deniqueiniufte.
vbiqueIofephumreprehendit, of all the fcriptae veraciffimum.
& Rcligiofiffimum as to its fcripta speak to you.
auetorem contempfiffet if so, has never ajazgowo U and composed them.
mififfet which all contextustemporum primitomi upset.
cft.Scdantequam vclitatione faceffimus out of this, there is of us, & co.
gnominemnoftrum fcriptorem animaduerfione scientists from the vin.
let us say that we are Aquitaine expoftulamuscum that is no.
Twice three top men adjured, Paulin Phoebade and Sulpi ,.
tiumSeuerum who had been nationality and home Aquitaine, yet.
Pauline & Sulpitium Romænatos fcribit, Phoebad the Hifp.
nia. Who represented him as he taught the effects are not born of Bordeaux drew Paulinus, who, where.
Paulina, the nation of ancient times, is to-day, a certain region of the city of Burdig.
lenfis yard nickname the cli? Phoebadiumautem Agen strikes.
Brig Episcopum and therefore in the Hifpania was born, or say quoauéto.
really? Hieronymus poorly excuforum eftSoebadius who mistake it.
repfit from Sophronius to, where it is read Σαέλ®. But free hand fcripta.
Of St Mary of the Granateria the liquid has a Febadium. At Sul.
pitium Severus for depraved with quoq5 is, where it is read Fegadius, on behalf of.
Febadius that is librarijfcribunt. For the vertical is φοι.
βαλ ©, Phoebadius, known to the skilled fuain Arríanos Epifto fate today.
la, which had twenty annosprimum cdita. Meimunicipes Fiars vol.
can not, the memory of which inftaurant twice every year, at the beginning of the fast.
quadragefimam, and on the day of Marcus Euangeliftæ, menfe April, it fit well.
I remember. Huicfucceffit Gauidiusin epifcopatu.SulpitiumSeuerum.
haetenus of Aquitaine fuiffe hesitate to let no man: but the country is not known ,.
just at the time of the Nitiobriges fefe Himself openly when in fact, with the seruatio.
nemTungrorum, Phoebad, however, fuum Episcopum fuiffe fcri.
bit. It was that of the Nitiobriges Episcopus Phoebadius. Ifte Sulpitius.
Ecclefiaftica puriffimus fcriptum, post tranfitum Martini recent.
he began to Fefe Elufonem, in which the time to give him fcribebat Paulinus. Idop.
pidumeft cumarce veteriin the ends of the of the Nitiobriges, quaamni Dra.
guto Petrocorii divisions. Lau is generally / am.Sedde hocfàtis. My.
Nitiobriges punishment for Sulpitio say how and biturum.
Gesta illumvocant, quemcundcm when they do this perpcram ,.
cumintertranfitum Martin, in whose nofter Sulpicius, a difcipulus was ,.
Sulpitij Epifcopi Bituricenfis Guntchramni under this ordinance.
Of the King, our Advocates with the years of more or less 19 °. It is not wrong to do the same.
and a man to do, if it was a good quarter doétiffimos men Aquitaine.
Chriftianiffimos origins and properties own. However ust.
the manner of the tribe of the men of Aquitania orbauerat you the same those two tribes.
alienisP R E C O O 50 20 1000 E N A. V.
others resort, Reienfi and Vafenfi.Profperum not Russia.
in place of dicitRegicnfium in Aquitaine fuiffe Episcopum, with a good talker.
"I shall Profp Aquitaine fuiffe Epifcopum Reienfium ,.
none cast her young, or Rcgicnfium prouinciaNarboncnfi. Today, Ries vol.
expression. Pretend that it Regij Emilia Epifcopum & fcripferunt ,.
And in front of him divine, poetry apponicurarunt, quasi Re.


Page 16


not increase at Amelia. Vafenfe conciliumidiotifmus of their own.
porumvocauit, that they would rather Vafionehfedicendum was. Vafis Vo.
contiorumhodie Vai / 0m said. Metro is Epifcopatus Auenion.
poliattributus. Imperitc quidamcum Vocontii confuse the market.
the road. So Vafenfe or Vafionenfe in Vafàtenfe mutandumnon.
was. how badly a year of Christ 552 Firmin.
Vticenfem mutatin Vencienfem. Vticenfes, commonly called V7etz.
Epifcopatus is the first Narbonenfi. Likewise Vcetenfes ,.
& Vcetiæ Epifcop. Turonenfis book by Gregory V 1 ;.
Mention cli Ferreol Epifcopi Vcetenfis Where vulgomale Vcecenfis ,.
Sedtus imperitc crowd Vticenfes perverted into Vcctenfes how.
Araufio the Aurafio, said Vafenfis for Vafionenfis. But the city of flue.
Epifcopatus Vencienfis, eftinfecunda Narbonenfi. VulgoS.Paulus.
venciere out. To write to the terms of t. Venticnfis and ύτον indeed.
ment Ptolemy. Fuitquc Nerufiorum in the Alps, the Greek Metro.
pole. In the following five Pafchate fexto book by baptifmo.
the refurreétionem, properties seasons, Confuli and cycles are known.
xa. In the third Pafchate what happens Caßßa "% d regr," ( "Explain.
mouse, which veriffima interpretation adhucaffenfum or merit either.
* Exprimere.a a learned man: it was very surprising ,.
with the abfurdiffima comes about, that, rather than fequuntur to. Omnesigitur Russia.
edge suppose d) £ aegrgo (3) for ἀτέg9 said aegów effects. They made it into the spring.
Burn Hebrew effect = Pp nnsp otherwise Ügeegν τςόες 9), Latin analytically.
poft. præpofterius which there is nothing could have been said. For what it is because of fear.
pofterum Saturday? It is not the interpretation I pudcm's funny? However.
So protector. Another fortaffe affenfum extorfiffet. But since we are.
less acceptable. Theophylaétus after Epiphanium, and five others.
smooth interprctatur% ree9 & D ow, aegorynragę dX ^% & IOII (a £.
άτν. And so, it is true, as we have said, all as well in ancient, than the.
Recent d '& / Raeg £ 2 ° d and translated rsg9y aegóry, which cli Üge290.
AG & eg9, præpofterum. In order to do so he is the same, & c.
fubiicit: τολλακις ατήγ (α λ άοά έν τη τ% ασκάφη. That is false ,.
for the sake of tranflatione, Church of Christ, which the ignorant can deny the LEES OF WINE vfurpa.
tas, when in fact it had been long before Christum in the vfu fuiffe dcmonftraueri.
B) muô ,.
10 10 5 1 50 O P E R N E G O 1000 A.
the mouse, so that the place does not take place obstinacy. But they can keep praepoftc.
m. Then (Agga @ A & legag **, not as d% rsg9 ago ( "fed.
* 5 V. a. . \ .S a Q? .
The Xai% * 341iegc ago. For Xai d% jieg 3 IIdya plan.
calculated Ézrarwxo %%. Even today, the Hebrews nneertvsnnav.
Qaßßa *) aegóry Xao déliegς: idef on a Sunday, which is the first thing.
1 Nifanius XT, which is a & Reg. 3 IIOO. True & RC & TA interpretation.
præpofteritate end damage. DequintoPafchateverbum not addidif.
fem nificumhæccommentarer, incidiffeminCommcntariosquo.
quōrundam, those who are willing to ipfofolenni Pafchate Christum paffus, xv.
Nifanius Wednesday fexta, the parafceue Saturday. Although auetoritas.
Euangeliftarum, the system should be delivered, and give three years old Jewish things.
Finally contraille enable tamenpotius also Euangeliftasipfos.
force will order, however fententiam mutcnt. Cauffa determination.
Euangeliftarum words, if δ ζ τςάτη ἀγαζίμων. The objection :.
S & ôáøw J3 iiage, Iohan.xix, which i4.Hic miferamlatebram.
yes, and ftrenuus mendacioiétum decline. They j x $% ^ & Ulu tan.
Then we on Saturday. Acutihomines! Why did the $ j} x £ Part.
% Α "Unless; O; ) From £ ολlu, quasi aj§ασκόalius thing happens and how §IIa.
% Α? which is true, it is. Namἀδασκάφη eftgenus, of which the FPB.
Neither aegog at DG £ αγν, χα) τςοεόςτιον. Both of these, one is verboHebræis.
aiv. And so the nav any ajSgax & h, & Caßßdre, fine aegoadgnoy is said to be ,.
Ἀγός δαςυλlu ^, quodfint other ógax & QA), fine aegoadgtia, had a feast.
fortiuntur appealing properties. * $ GAX up aiy J & 3IIaya, Agosde.
ττον% from IIda. niyxv any J $% &)% *% £ d) oudd \ ay agosdgiioy § iiere.
xo53. Accordingly, he parafceuae, in which the Chriftus paffus on, it happened then.
that of confuetudine cffet Agoraßßaaev, that is, ęgow®)% Cagge.
ta: as well as, as the case agosdgiiov, that cft, άασκαλ?% α Bloomington Chamber Singers feat. Sabbatumm.
mm terms with it if loa o a μω%, which therefore called μεγέλm #.
μάeg from Euangelifta. Lu) $ μεγάλη ήμíeg. 3 Caßßare éxére.quod.
^ U ^ & ipfum the açòς δα50 it as it comes quædamQa £.
άτε ήμάeg which does not happen μεγαλη. For Hebrew, or ,.
That is, it is customary that from \ u% αι Jews, also He μεγοίλίω call.
fiuáegy. And so καr% and oXlw flue ajròyoμαςικός folenne Ckiwornyias.
μεγάλη ήμάeg said that above the EX add 8 IIάτ: ε of Numbers, in.
a wonderful example of the Jewish and Samaritan, who TLU ^ (klworn.
χa the call airayoματικός. Triaautem properly hcbraic the call.
eyant be different, 'iyi, which ἐλλ'uw5w] lays call μεγάλας.
iuieys, XT Nifanius, that is, iogr o a μων%, cumxxi Nifanius. If the force.
vvan, id est, IIeyMxo6. xv tifrum, id est, Cklwozmylo, cum xxii TIC.
vi. Elon is a question - this tricefimo / abbey fcholiis ifto.
Neomtnias legislation provides that the £: $ Quomiam the abbey Iudaimumeros Lu.
734r £ P O R 50 E 1000 E G O N A 1 x xv 1.
TI.
.
Marcus
:.
}.
v.
Males receive.

Page 17


is celebrated on this day, to the gods: it would seem all the new moons, the name of the day after the Sabbath.
the great indigetat: but, what it happens he is a sabbath of the great, he does not know. But.
It is a sabbath to the ordinary is never applied to μεγαλη άμάeg., It does not ma.
GIS than in. So Philolibro from $ $ agmixê the key Ear'wâygie said rlu).
7; oadgnoy out μεγάτης ἐοςτής, speaking on pentecoftes. But the ordinary.
Saturday never said με% m & juíe or iogtfi. Random joy.
Doctor John to be a doctor, Commentary on the ἀδαςx & ulu.
Diets only on weekdays fexta and omneSabbatum we poffis μεγα.
Ἀυμíeg. Grammar host if this is so rapaax b) from 3 RDA.
does not take place rapaaxó & razα ,? What potcftdici abfurd? And for the.
he says, in the same way has been by far the Ludicrous ptcrga μεγαλω ημά.
egy £ 3 Ca i Exeya as Ion. 1 v 1. 37 & ό τῆ ἐχατη ημάςα ή με.
χαλὴ ἐ ἐogης έκείνης. Because the truth is in the same way it was said, but.
contrary to the intention and on his fententiam: premises that the dieter is made μεγαλή ,.
For climbed tents, not for Saturday. that is.
The fifth to the eighth day of the week was eoanno, it is not the sabbath day, 169 days before the.
paffioncm. And so, he prepares to escape, as this was being taken, they fled fe with the sword, not to kill.
Who would ever have the courage credidif so obftinatos cine truth.
pet? Autemobieétionem how cleverly it lightly! ία μυ μια.
$$ oiy, d ^^ 'ία φέγωαι? τέχα. They φαγᾶν% tοιχα, this did not effect.
Pafchalem be eating lamb, but another sacrifice Pafchalis. Ar.
gute, doctc, elegant manner, so that nothing is above the: almoft in the parafceue come.
derePafcha more is done than quamagnumPafchalem comcdit. Yes, we are.
Faust, $ y $ 4ayäy% 7ra% α another effect, which the Passover lamb.
to Jerusalem, to sacrifice, or to eat. Of Exodus 12, 21. Nor is there any a little.
and give it gets to the end rifu poteft.Sed how many lies with CX.
fequuntur? What, than that you be The laughed at the cup? If quintade.
Cima Nifanius, when Chriftus paffus, it was a weekday fexta, then pentec.
It is a sabbath of the year was fte. For pentecoftes is the day of the week a fertile soil.
Nifanius fifteenth, vtdiximus the computer Jews. Fal.
litur the Ecclefia and omnisChriftianitas, which runs from the lowest vfc¿ Or.
tiquitate he believed her, Pentecoftenfuiffe the observance of Sunday, it is not.
Saturday. What, then? What is that? -T) icaliquem, say, Quintiliane co.
lorem, Itaque DoétoriTheologononbene proccdit comment.
The latter abfurditate again. Bread diftriéte the big day.
prevents the need to satisfy. ExodixII 16. Leuitici xx 1 1 1 7 this too.
some infignifacinore elabendumerit. In Adducitlocumex book.
Daicus, cuititulus Pry ntpg That is, ligatioIfaaci, to prove it.
Sabbatolicuiffe need to do, which is quilocú turns, impofuit ho.
miniquæftionum, quamHebraifmi peritiores. Namqu intcrrogat ,.
2. `2l}.
10 10 5 1 1 50 E S P O R G E 1000 O N A.
occafu or sun comes again, whether it comes Saturday, duabusin same thing.
terrogationibus fignificant. If it is the Sun is not yet fallen, is Sabba.
Then, he says, therefore, would not have dared to put the sickle to the meffem.Oportet ,.
so that Solocciderit before, and confequenternon eritamplius It is a sabbath ,.
ideft now passes fifteenth Nifanius that any strikes.
incident, said Saturday in Leviticus XXIII 15.Igitur question.
Ansolmus kill rcfpondetur, occidiffe. Again, or whether it becomes It is a sabbath, that.
EFT, an ^ £% h o? d% μων not yet passed, if rcfpondeturadhuc.
effe, nihilagitur; if he refpondctur effects sabbath day: it is not, then it for them that trust.
three launches sickle MEFF. This is the journey of his mind ,.
Although it is not the book store. However quivertitillihæc word, you say.
fpondcrieffe Saturday. Consequently, a necessary every sixteen ,.
Nifanius effeSabbatum, omnianno. That it not seem strange from the Do.
& ToreTheologo not animaduerfum? And adcoillicommentum.
Please. Lastly, so many stones made a great impression, vttandcm it could be deduced, in Ec.
I should be the falfo putarc day Pentecoftes, quandoSpiritus an holy and moreover on the.
Also He went down, fuiffe a Sunday, the fabbatum when it has been, from the.
Hypothefes Doctor. We conclude, therefore, quodnemofànicapi.
tis has denied his guilt, even Christ 'Passover comcdiffe the third the tenth of the Nifanius CI_.
Mena is the fourteenth moon. So, in fact and from the Euangeliftæ: Lufa ag, and m?.
dάμων, the ἐ ce wire. In fact, utterly wrong as often as is done tranflatio holy days of the ,.
the second is a new moon prior to the X% ^% lw, pofteriorvc.
ro 7roAvTixfi. However, some other Euangeliftes said, ew $ 33voy ZD% α.
Ergoomnes 33voy. It is not fcquitur: for why should the other is by interpretation, EW η ἐσά.
3υφ. ChriftusàSvorcyêw I ea \. Chriftus sacrificed the Passover that day.
necessary, the fourteenth day. Jews & ígēx Poftridiè d \ {,.
in which it was not necessary to the cubes on the fifteenth the moon. And so, too.
This knot alone Monk Veroncnfis Hilary and Paul.
Episcopus Burgenfis from the Jew, Chriftianus. Ncque better alone.
tion to be given to potcft. Neither did the other hand, people duovirido & titam of a vacuum is capitisfue.
serving as crederenteoannotlu) iogr)? IIσχα fuiffe condition sixth.
But the doctor intelligcns better English than Greek, the common miter.
lationcmfequitur: In quameceßarium was immolare.Nos deny.
£ d and e bene acquittances meceßarium there. Glass; so important for logi-.
ci fcire, to the extent necessary and Yeceßarium% to differ. Abfurd.
Therefore, inexperienced and cine Euangeliftarum mind, it said.


Page 18

 We truly.
This mutauimusfententiam with huicftultæ interpretationihærerc.
the mouse, the former cditione: in accord with the Christum cycle the power of the cross.
ing proposed fequuti Dionyf short and aliosvete.
rcs.NamChriftus paffus XT cycle of the moon, x 4 Sunday, April third ,.
  2lIlIlQ.
50 G o p r o e e N A. x 1000 x 1 x.
:.
B.
• prioreparte fextilibri.Venio adalteram, whose fubieétum fail.
In the fourth abfolutos from baptifmo, when the sun is out of order, ca.
ropes, which cafus also mentions Phlegon week fexta and when.
but after Sacrificial lamb, lamb is a symbol and, quite.
First improperly slaughtered concepts vfque to 7 year O Christi.
Dionyfianum, when inclufa small list on the first day of unleavened bread.
It happened last Passover sacrifice. And they indeed of the haetenus.
what is more remarkable, the more the Ira and had annihilated so that no nonexplebefcripto.
Rum exhoc muftaceo doctorates meet quæfiuerit. And although in the end.
summa external Hiftoriarum teaching and learning experience.
adifta can serve the secret can not penetrate it, yet can it quifqueimparatior.
the supply of the doctrine of Christian civilization, from all, because on some points I to this:.
traétationem be resolved. Abeft not too much, so it was governor ,.
the labor of the end of the subject at this point is, ifti to allow, that they carry them infànire.
they think that a deadly thrall set to the hæcindaganda the bulwark of the way of those who by means of them. Mt.
oul desirable effect perfcqui hours perdere. Three particular dimension.
matter of fate for the time being, that is feptuaginta years in captivity ,.
perfidy and the kings of Babylon, the epilogifmo week.
Daniel. Seventy years from head to grab Coni'ah fumen.
as long as effects, growth together Ieremiasfcribens ADCO, whoever its IechoniaBa.
King of Babylon, Nabuchodonofor dcportauerat cap. xxix post.
another since Dominusitadicit: When / eptuaginta year 3abyloni county.
they are made up, I vifitabo you, and my good / uperiùs you.
fìßitabo, as you here, I will bring back. What this will become more so knowledge, do you say ,.
the King of Babylon, he made a shew of Coniah the prisoners with whom, when, have undertaken this task.
I will bring back, poftquam feptuaginta to Babylon ,. At the end of the year,
You prisoners who keeps it. But over the years, these 7 O sharp phrase.
fines rebound from captoScdekia. Oh, and then there are feptuaginta year taginta ,.
But it is amazing that Jeremiah ncfciffe feptuagintacffe feptuaginta.Quem.
very pleased, therefore, by denying parafceuen 'Passover ejse parafceuen.
JPafcha, a novelty and the hearing is concluded, the Spirit fànétum.
Also He defcendiffe Saturday, not Sunday, so, too.
ncgando feptuaginta effects fèptuaginta years and years without question.
j% O% to $ ov e φάακεκυάμωωμ $ μον parturire. Listen to it.
cauff so unexpected interpretationis.Scriptum is to say, the VR.
BEM of Jerusalem by fèptuaginta years sua fabbata rest.
mm. The area quemdefignant, because at the end behind Cbronioorum :.
• Adcomplendum word in the mouth of Jeremias, donecterraacquie / at / on.
batisfùis.omnes a daily / òlationis fàbbatizauit, V / Mie adcomplendum.
feptuaginta years. Clearly speaking, OIY1I11 predicted ICmOta, Terre ,.
as long as the defolate was, fabbatizaffe, that is, not cultivated, ceffâffe, until the.
 d) 3 complex 10 10 50 E P O R E N A. G.o 1000
fèptuaginta from Jeremiah; for the full year were determined. That.
No doubt it is true. For the end of defolationis is fèptuagefimus.
, and the year: the beginning of the truth received within them, not by them. For tametfi terrafe.
years, only a part of it, or in a year ceffaffet, tamenfequeretur ,.
That said, so long as defolate shall ceffaffe and indeed ceffaf.
fe, vfquc to the feptuagefimo a year from Jeremiah; has been determined.
What more true, what is simple and what more obvious this account of Him? So.
that from this opinion is not gathered, that the years of ceffaffe feptuaginta, but ceffaffe ,.
as long as the defolatiodurauit: it lasted until the vfc¿; for a time from Jeremiah.
dcfinitum, from the beginning of this season, it is the beginning of something else defolationis.
Huicfimile, no prorfus idemgenus expression remains the same ,.
bushy-lo. Joachin was named wherein rules menfes three ,.
decem.Tamen day he said: Ammo turn, King% NABUCHODON.
F @ rmifit, 65, was deported to Babylon. The tenth diem menfisquar.
ti vocatannum vertentem.Nimirum he annusaliud habetinitium.
from the beginning of the reign of Jeconiah, the, with, however, the King of Jeconiah, the & & of the year.
the same finisfit. Sicinitium feptuaginta different from the old initiode.
folationis, with the aim of feptuagefimo of the year, & defolationis similar movement was made.
Nequefane there any other requisite Hence it can serve. And it is the same, ca.
Rescue two local fimiles one another during which the two positions.
and making an extraordinary contribution fophifticam obic brows. However ifti be.
if the teachers have described the ball. Ali and his journey.
What do I know that I will win this portentofum comment. Auditc.
and then & 4nuάτε. 1 year captiIechoniæ than twenty Nabopollaffari ,.
that is above the demonftrata. The year the cxcidij of Jerusalem.
Rum & euerfionis Temple, Ch 3 6 Nabopollaffàri that I was a 5 & A.
Thoth Nabonaffari. Feptuagefimus excidiotempli of the year.
2 will be 27 by the same Nabonaffari Thoth, who is the son of the prolific killing.
Hyftafpis, teftibus obferuationem Babylon from the plane of the ecliptic.
At Muenster, ninth autema deceffit year. Why is this no.


Page 19


the ninth, after He hath of her death, so that they wish to acute men, præftantiffi.
miinterpretum and facras La hierophanta, who was seventh.
O & taginta say the protection effect. So vast was oftendere seventh.
About forty years ago cffet O & taginta as one year after the King of obj.
as well as fuum eDiets to do it. It is not, therefore, feptuaginta of the year from defola.
tion contract, but the feruitute, and ever since, Jews have taxes.
rij Chaldeass attend. And so, Reet and informed them that a correlation among the Ie.
tem XXV 2. Every country will have on / olata and stuff, and all of.
illaegentes / eruient to 3abylonisfeptuaginta ammo. In these do not.
dæostantum they caught him, fcd, too, you all Syria. For the Iu.
dAEI.
"Erj p r o r. 1000 E E G O N A L 10 10 10
; and the Jews did not vocanturcis, but all the alijextraIudæos. combustion; nonfolum.
the inhabitants of Jerusalem, but also from the neighboring countries.
Folate be said, commatc preceding vfque adfeptuagintaan.
We, the start of the season fubiugatæ Palæftinæ and trapped Ie.
chonio, also better known among Jerof sharpens pieces here.
magnalux shine. Scquuntur king of Babylon, and Perfidis.Quis.
were with fomno, hallucinations, lies of men, be shocked.
Chronology of Kings? what shall I say hatred, όλοτυπίω & κακόn $ e ;.
of their towards us, because in addition to them, The kings of the expeétationem of them do not.
inκφέλ9xoxxv 4% Aristophanis fed with cuftodem prifci Ori.
Orīginum Jerof Chaldeass Megafthenem, Herodotum found.
advance? ipfosin as those of Daniel, Zachary, Efdra and Nehemiah, p.
Do not distinguished by any change of the thought to be extant told it? which of the two to their kings.
Moderating, and a King Ahasuerus the crush has not made ?.
Berofiigitur & Megafthenis forward to the remains in the Iofephus.
We recluferunt sources of truth, of these benefits have.
gesChaldæorum Nabuchodonoforo from the captured acyraS Babylae.
end. From Babel was taken tempusiniri can serve when it fueritan.
Nabopollaffaro less Lxxxv from his father Nabuchodonofori guidance.
Dung tricefimus fextus Iphias Rev. imperijCyri.Lib.vi, cap.de two.
quæft the bus. Daniel V 1 1 years, we have not. Why is corrected.
numerus.Sed to the first by which the kings of Nabuchodonofori fuccefforibus ag.
ree, difcutiamus opinions interpreters of Daniel and Chro.
nolog. The majority of these people feptuaginta years.
Jeremy determined Sedekia to grab the lead after the first year.
Mediterminant killing, hocvno argumentomoti that Danielpri.
This makes Moanne Darijmentionem vaticinijs prediction of the seventh.
About forty years, and therefore the end of their annorumtunc accidiffe say.
Sedhæc tamacutafèntentia facileretunditur. In fact, in the same way.
aprimoannohuius Darijineunde effent weeks, quiaeodem.
the particular mention of them, rather than just one fubieétum II.
Sap head. Thus, fane puerifolent them to argue. Passage of Live.
7Daniel understood by the letters a number of years, and c. I, he says, between the.
read remarkably well defined feptuaginta years in captivity.
It is not fcquitur, it fuiffe feptuagefimumcaptiuitatis.Rurfushunc ,.
Darius would effect Aftyagem King of Media, son Cyaxaris ,.
whom, Daniel, should vouch to be here. And yet, who has ever been his old claf.
auetor figs fcripfit Media, Babylon imperaffe? Who would not.
of the AftyagemaCyroviétú and imperioexutum? NamXe.
nophontem so conftat hiftoriam noluiffè fcribit, fèdexemplum.
beneeduótiprincipis to propose, quamcertum is, there is nothing in the whole of Cyrus.
d pædiaxx 4 x 50 1'r P R O E M E N A. Oh, 1000
m.
pædia real effect, but the names alone and naked mentionemduo.
Rum or three cafuum as Babylon taken, erœft be flexible, but to do so.
pora, feriesgeftarum of things, the seven years of the Empire, and of Cyrus, vtab him.
fcriptore are set forth, all, I say, that the true they are, Fiverr funtÆthi.
opica Heliodoro. nor Xenophon was not so foolish that would be.
Greek this perfuade poffe. Præfto unto him, It scriptis fuispudorem.
impofuiffentCaftor Rheginus, quifub Cambyfefcripfit Herodotus ,.
He temporeXerxis and Arthasastha Longimanifloruit: Ctefias that in.
His Arthasastha Memorisconfenuit.Sed that is equal @@ ®.
fuorum of the times, doing this. Deligebant Perfonarum out of the midst of the prif.
of the heavenly historie, which they painted these colors, by which the putabantfeani.
Mosler & torumad power to wake up. Why ftultè they do, will bless.
inexpertly, I will ask for the truth, to complete the quiex Xenophon Hiftorias.
Those who do so are unworthy of him, nominefolum ing those who are to be heard. But.
do Darius the King of this quinifti of the Medes, who was also of the Gentile afly.
gem call, the proper nomine, Darius, it were said. Obfecro.
you give & ti agents, wherein didiciftis, King Darius of this fuiffe ?.
Who remembers that besides Daniel? Therefore, Daniel Confulendus.
At strength of italegimus: T) drius Median received the kingdom. & Outset.
XI: First autemammo killing Medi. Tell us a green-tiffimo so.
Do not MeduseftRex of the Medes? This is a new kind of lo and infolens.
and to conform, as he becomes king of the Medes, the Mede? If Medusomnis King is a medium ,.
, then, as many as the Mede, even, there will be as it is said, The kings of the Mediæ.Quare not Iofias.
A Jew, for the king of Judah? Jehoiakim Jew? Reditead vos.Videte, what to do.
defignatis.Non pudetargumenti? Shew a place in the whole of Danie_.


Page 20


IPerfâ Deputy Babylon, and King Perfarum diéti desirable finementio.
not of the kingdom, so that by virtue of, 28. Ibienim is said to be regnumCyri Perfae.Quareeum.
bold to say shoulders exAMediae% received carried on? However maximein.
do not taceriIudæis fiquidem fcribit great import for such a great event, of which the nē.
moignorabatIoiakim King fuiffe Iuda.Quareigiturinitio first.
notiffimam the Jews, he sets forth the matter of the head, Jehoiakim the king of Judah, of the.
to pinch, however, the king, the king of nomineappcllare nondignatur? What ?.
Say ye to the aliquid.Sialiud evidence of things that you have, quonobisperfua.
DEAT, is already tempuscftaut to change the fententiam, or to remain silent. For instead of a.
feétoifte Dariushomo priuatusad kingdom of Babylon acceffit.Scri.
ptum the beginning of chapter IX. First £ 4 years for killing son and truthfulness, about '/ £ dear.
meA4edia. Latincita concipiendumerat, the first year Darijfiljoxya.
ris, originating from the Home and Garden. Nondicctis whence come the smoke ibinosnátos.
effects, but should rather, with respect to the kind of deduce. Example given.
He was not of the subject concerning which he had no doubt about it. But we nevertheless. Stilicho.
CIatP R E C O O 50 1000 20 11 1 E N A. I.
|.
].



|.
).

/.
$.
i.
terms with the Vandals were, natusin the middle of the Wandalia; his son was Eucheriusna.
frankincense was changed exfemine Wandaliæ, vtverbis Daniel vtar, three o'clock.
TCM Wandalus nations, although they could be called fi7;%) & so.
λ'u "It was native to his father, how this happens no.
ftro Darius the Mede, who was not born in Media, Fed.
Median & quiapater it was, and it was named as by other citizens.
Babyloniis homoinquilinus diftingueretur. For yourfcif permits ,.
flue Oxyares, Quifque it was a father of killing: one, it appears ,.
CX Megiftanibus & Nobles Media, Babylon immigrauit ,.
aovxôrês flue x%, that is, fèditione Driven by other leading ,.
King flue disclosure, fufpeétus with the medium. I should sue.
rit that cauffa country bring forward an accusation, a private individual is a human being at any rate, is not a king.
(What does tacuiffet Daniel) Babylon abode. Give this child.
more rarely, but whose name was called This came about, or of, the Mede, with the other leading men of Babylon shall.
The end does the plot Balfàfàrem grandchild Nabuchodonofori Re.
gem of Babylon, entered into, and fignifer concerned in the conspiracy, the murder of the King, Himself.
fuffragiis of the people is called to be in his place. So it was Daniel first.
Media in 7Darij son Oxya arising from the king / pon the.
conftitutus protector. But he decided that this had overthrown Darius, ejse Aftyagem, who, when they.
Cyrus obfederit Babylon, and the king Balfàfàrem death: Cu.
Not to go minimaquidem fufpicio stands out in Daniel, to the right, but openly.
it is there said of the night, at a party Balfàfàrem oppreffum fuiffe. He.
When a thousand leaders and idle entertainment doubt ncceffe.
Efter infecura vrbe, but not to the obfeffà fuiffe, though it is fimilc.
nefcio What tells the story of Herodotus. What is surely gather from the words.
Daniel, however, quamex you restore its flavor, infumma fecuritatë, far away from all.
hoftium fear, interfeetor fuiffe? The king ifte Mcdes create.
tuseft so plainly, Daniel word of Tire, the fignificant things.
Gem was created effects. Itaqueinitio of the head by force, straightway, ye, after He hath from the slaughter of the Bal.
fàfàri, added: T) drius have received this took Kingdom. The word ,.
Here, Daniel ap fignificant a manner which does not fimplicitcr fümerc, Fed.
of the hand of the other to receive. Vfurpatur or otherwise repaired. Whence.
And third, that there is fcripta, but the perception that delivery alone, it said.
turr 33p. If this confideraffent that Darius and his father Re.
Get two, makes and Hebrew words Daniclis perpendiffent ,.
We have never had a book of this force is operistam accurate.
rcdemonftratafunt, correcting imperitiamfuam & κακοὰdo.
aperuiffent. You see that Darius the Mede, home Babylae.
do not, the Mede, the son of Oxya, hominispriuati, fuffragiis of the people of the king.
was created, the tefte ipfo Daniel. With Jerof go Nebuchadnezzar.
noforo after a year of the dead was quadragefimumtcrtium.
|.
).
I
 1VJSxxxv PRO 50 E 1000 E G O N A.
the son of his Hevvilmerodach, annotertio of the kingdom, from the Nerigliffororo, the market.
ns fuse husband, interficitur.Nerigliffororuscumquatuorannos regnaf.
{And, fue Laborofoarchodo son, Nabuchodonofori's daughter.
He left the kingdom; by which interfeetor, after He hath menfes-nine years the kingdom of Na.
bonidocuidam, one of the interfeétoribus ipfius, the common confenfu.
traditumeft.Hæc Berofus.Quæ omniafacræfcripturæ with people.
they come, if only the physic interpretation. In fact, his journey nothing at all.
difcrepant. Interfeetor for Hevvilmerodacho, non eft of the doubt.
Nerigliffororum the people perfuafiffe, pe ^ the son of fuo Nabuchodonofori.
the daughter nepotircgnum confèruare until adolefccrct so that they fit.
Defiderius Hevvilmerodachi the effect of Nebuchadnezzar.
noforimemoriam, idomne lenirctur, when they saw it from the ftirpe Na.
Buchodonofori still fupereffe that in the leaf federent. Nor.
is no doubt that, although it may in reality Ipfa the king of the effect, however, the name of the sons of the kingdom.
adminiftraffe.Sanc Jeremiah cap.xxv 1 1,7, dixitomnesgentesfub.
IEETA foreimperio Nabuchodonofori, his son was there, & filiofilij.Quan.
want to get the grandson by his daughter, effet, is also, however, of the sons of the name of the daughter of comprc.
henduntur. Now in order for Latiniliberorum the name, the name of the fic some of the Hebrews.
ne fa the both of fexu understood the matter. Laborofoarchodus it.
is Balfafar.

Page 21


fet, the surrender of sacta have been divested of the kingdom, was sent into exile Carmania, is that, from Cyrus ,.
as the berof. Megafthenes a superb fcriptum fcribit so on.
Nabuchodonoforo: o de ® roll; EwAuo.d4e9χθάσίλωσε.tów5 6.
xmd \% Xaoxleivovg Nwe / YAO; agn6 ^ Azra 7toJa AA% xorodegoxoy. τότε δ.
Xτῶνόγ (ας £ ιαὐ μᾶg9, Naßowid Tov X% d \ xyJai ssao ia ayooixoy%.
ό & ά}. τ} δ Kö3 © i ^ ^ ® measles όα Kαρμαίης ήγεμονίω σωςάτω. in.
the closing fcriptoriconuenit.Scd pauloanteaidem Megafthencs.
he says of Cyrus, He dedidiffe a certain Mcdemnomine fellow-citizens, that is, BABY.
propinaffe diripicndam Cyrus, He is the north, which fell upon the flight of the salute? e.
periffe, cumin munitiffimam Borfippenorum be recepiffet castle.
Jerof this it attributes to Nabonnido. Nabonnidus it was called.
This came about, last term RexBabylonis, fuffragiis of the people, was elected king. With.
Daniel: The king called Mcdes grade and fuffragiispo created equal.
nents. Darius, the year of Medea cli Nabonnidus.HuncCyrus 1.
to its killing, fighting Viet Castle Borfippenam house. In.
Besides yourfcif Cyrus conquered Babylon in their empire was XIX, some difference.
given the time to settle matters, and all states of the city, the fortifications ,.
obfidione which is long, and the top labor captured in difturbauit, Vt.
fcribit berof. Having made such a gestis, to the Borfippum fight against it, of the anus.
mum person. However Nabonnidus fortress surrendering fact, and the life.
Carmania campaign and donated cft. Intcrca remains Bello palace.
quensP 50 Ε O R G E N A. ο 1000 XXXV.
qucas Cyrus the country vfque gold, frankincense is avowedly where Capiffàmvr.
bem ad Indumfluuium FITA pulled down, so that fcribit Solinus. And so, pa.
They build up the parts of the East, Babylon, rcdiens, Sufianam all in.
detreétantem gum, once the rule has already been allotted for Babylon, no.
dcbellauit end of difficulty, so it exStrabone clear, though.
errs Strabo dumaitSufianam Cyrus Medisademptam. For '.
rather Mcdisadcmpta Chaldeans is connected therewith, Daniclis force 1 1 a.
For Æfchylus to bear arcemSufâ from Cyaxarevaftatam from aftyr.
ge inftauratam fcribit. Aftyages have been overcome by Cyrus. '.
Quarefub AftyageSufiana government Babylon menacing & TA that anyhow.
Nabonaftarum after that I think, and if there is conjecture from it.
Is propitious to the Mede betrayed by me, with all its fortaffe satrap effet. The rest ,.
the things that we have mentioned, do not anger from us, so that to make interpretcs ufually of Daniel ,.
And chronology, but from Daniel: berof, Megafthene received.
Reuerfus the shrunken Babylon, Cyrus all commands fuo.
fubaétis, then the law could say: The Lord dark deditmihiom.
inhibits the kingdoms of the earth: the year of the Empire, and that is what takes place in his vndetri.
cefimo a ninth Babyloncum taken a grab Coni'ah feptuagefimo examples.
from Jeremiah; thither to the terms with the past; He fcripfit or feptuagefimo.
whether the rule of Babylon impofitu end of the Jewish captivity.
• Rum. cap.xxv, 12, XXV 1 1 7 x 1 x 1 Oh. This is not potuitcom.
Ting; unless beyond all Affyria, & Babylon fubaéta: that the time ,.
as we have said, stands out from the year, vndetricefimo of Cyrus, 'He who is the first.
annusimperij mouse Babylonians 2 Chron. XXVI, 2 2. Efdra 1, 1 ;.
r 1, 3. & tertijanni mentioeft Daniel, 1: fuitvltimus and that it :.
end of life and their empire. Obiitenimannovno & tricefimoimperijfui.An.
nusprimus Cyricæpit 55 first Olympiad, which concurritcum.
annoNabonaffari Cambyfis first year was 188, 219 Nabonaf.
lighthouse. The difference inItiJ year and Cambyfis, annifolidi; oaThoth.
189 Nabonaffari. Death igituranno imperijfui slipped through his work.
{ICI, however, the empire third Babylonians ongoing and the fcptuagefimo.
Iechoniæ tranfportatione. Atıf fomniant Darius was necessary for me.
dumfuiffe the king of perf & Mcdorum heaviness, because that chapter. V ,.
28 said kingdom is diuisserunt EFI, and it A4edis 5 and Persian.
Itaqueex diuifione conjecture that the two kings defignari other.
Media, another palace, and pfoinde necessary for Aftyagem, Sec.
Cyrus fuiffe. But Aftyages, grade MedorumRex, antemultos.
arinos interfeetor been Anfir fourth year. Only Cyrus medium Sec.
Perfidetunc affairs. In addition, ruled at the time of diuerfis ,.
Nom united Darius the Mede, and Cyrus. r 1, 28. So then, neither.
The kings of the won over by the two at that time, not all damage is gathered from the words of the gods Daniclis.
uifio.XIX 10 50 5 1 pr o e o 1000 E 100 N A.
».
uifi. For the word of the, O ^ B, in which the semen, Daniel, is nothing else, than to.
x óvouá as straight Iofephus 5 means that cft, and crushes yearly.
fignificant and change the Kingdom. As long as a kingdom.
• dliberos right fuccefforio is removed, then the entire call po.
Test: When the exterostransfertur, then breaks down. I accept that
Reg. x 1, 31. Here, £ gofcimdo lending Jolomomis Kingdom. Nosne.
the mouse, settle any δωδμησιν him fignificari. Tranflator the government.
Balfafaro from the blood of human beings, nabonidus: A against.
'Nest Medo, to Cyrus bear. Reet, therefore, it is said, is broken fearfulness of soul.
Your government, and it was given. Medium and treacherous. αόn ex ^ h ^ etc. gaqì.
GJ; O AD) ö3n tjMnìq $ d IIagaià. Hebraifmus or Chaldaifmus.
PNS, 'i £, media and treacherous, that is, the medium and the rogue ,.
That is to say it is fignificari, imperiüad to invade it transferri.Itaq; hiscon.
ucnienter said Megafthenes Na% i3oXowXaod \ xydaigaoiAâa 75oo ft.
wofició & ά}.

Page 22


there being no law or social origin, fànguinisattingebat Balfafarum, where it stands, who.
Media stock effetex. & XaYd \ xyjq £ aoiAfia, Exa'pp. quoverbov.
twines Daniel.Tipr drtd out (z3n £ σαλός created equal Rex.Non said iipy.
άσίλωσσ. To this & the poor, do not poffunt obluétari objects. But not yet.
The end of conflict. " He who fuffragiis of the people unto the kingdom of adfcitus cit ,.
people living properties Legibus ends, no new law can serve fancier.
& Be patient, however, the laws of the Medes, Darius emitted to be homogeneous & um, Behold, he doeth it.
¢ ap. r 1, 8. Therefore, King Darius, the bear and Media. A.
'Pendant mind of Daniel. All the chiefs of the empire with killing.
large parties, namely the law fancirent, NC within thirty days pressed.
To God, or to a man, save only to the Now to the King of Darius, to fupplicaretur. Eftpla.
neSenàtufconfultum, to which it is made unless beyond growth together, O king, is, to that extent auetorem.
perfcripta insisted. Approached the king, as he finished confirmct law.
Mcdica. 8. We are gathered here commas negat sent to King.
Be patient and Media fuiffe. For this, in that the subject is, where I Give.
niclerat, ncmpein præfectura to its Sufiana, of which he was Satrapes.ca.
IViii, 2. For he who is one of the extras Megiftanibus of the kingdom of cffet, as the cli.
r 1, 2, does not habitaffetSufisfine government. InSufiana it will agree.
it happened, the Babylonians to the things that his journey was bound by no laws, the Fed you have been.
only, ideft, to be perfected. For Sufianam bear cutting Aftyages, Vt.
diximusexStrabone. She is autemvideturfponte, or in any other ca
pu, rather quambelli fortune of the Babyloniorumimperio acceffiffe. Give.
So settling and fuperiores Rcges Babylohiæ, inSufide any longer.
fancirenifi rights, such as today, in all kingdoms vfürpari.
we see. 5 For when we do not vniregimulta them provide for the kingdoms of the eftconclu.
dcndum, that all this tempcrari eifdcm Legibus, In fact, many things eius.
 . •. cemodiP R E C O O 50 E 1000 N A. XXXV 1 1.
we see that under the laws of the kingdoms of the one she spake to the king, to the contrary the Prince of :.
Noftros of difputatores runs the most beautiful, this contigiííe.
Sufis, it is not Babylon: BabylonemautemChaldaico by the law, Sufianam.
Perfico Feu your doctor, what is the same is, vfam fuiffe, where the princes of the Sufis.
if I do not Babylonijiudicabant.Nequelocus there bee any altercations. For.
äetur prorfuseftde Darius Aftyage those with long or Aftyages.
tea has been Caefarum: nequemcliore condition infocictatem regnicum.
Darius diuifa Cyrus to call when this takes place, and Aftyages caught Cyrus & :.
Darius the Mede for several years before Cyrus ordered, that the strength of 28.
I colligiturtantum, but also convicted. 7Daniel for ifie / Pere £ git.
In regnoTarij, '65 During the reign of Cyrus /%. And in general it blazed through the whole Sufiäha.
Daniel ruled. But Castle & munitiffimam than ssAEo / w.
The Greeks call it, at Ecbatana of the Medes chain-work, by Daniel the conftru.
And so fuiffe teftatur Iofephus it due to its Iofephus ad.
the entire manfiffe him, so that he seemed to the recent, cuifemper Iudæumpræ.
ficiexgenere facerdotum, moremfuiffefcribit. SedEcbatananun.
Shortly before the Babylonians more than a year, that is, before.
Cyrus conquered Babylon eft.Nam yourfcif to the middle and treacherous.
1) aniel is still under Cyrus was in charge Sufidis. x 4. Fluuius.
enimTigris, of which no mention is made, eftterminus Sufidis from the west.
The story of a Jew obedient, however, we reject them out of her, the citadel of Ecbatana Iofephus.
Rum. For Daniel tagefimo in captivity fuse fcripfit head.
x, and yet a strong foundation. Thus, we antiquiffima ,.
* Ccuratiffimis fcriptoribus Jerof and Megafthene we get that.
Rum fragments, which extantapudIofephum, all obfcurain Give.
Niels Illuftrati of the Kings. Quisenim fated to praise poffit? Three.
the words of the Commentaries on the amount of yourselves so many, so many fomno an interpretive.
gangs quibbling. If a person facras Hiftoriarum ftudiofe and the truth.
TI time it remains in the Iofephus and Eufebius fparfis col.
understand that their surprise when facras books confenfus tell, ha.
provide fate places so that the excellent work inftruat and pofteris another way.
Chronologiam protect facras inueftigandi than haetenus.
is made from the the same in any of the old or of recent facts. The Megafthenis get out.
miofragmento vltimumRegem not alone, those who were citizens τΚμιᾶς, that.
Cyrus is stated, repeated calling fuiffe animaduertet, whom.
Babylonij changing nominc oh i>) Nebonit Herodotus Chabot ,.
Or Labynitum vouch, but also something quasi through the cloud.
Nabuchodonoforo pointed out, the understanding of hostility to defer.
ta Fefe abdidiffe, as is the cap. 1 1 1 i In Jerof apart.
regumBabyloniæ fucceffione find the walls of Babylon.
the bus of chain-work, nonaSemiramide, so that nuganturGræci, and murky with General.
Agacturi% 10 10 5 1 1 1 • p r o G o E 50 E 1000 N A.
chodonoforo around fuiffe as teftatur, Daniel 1 1 1 1, and 27.
Several others, in which illuftrandis work is acceptable, fruetuum.
Now supply. But, out of a piece of a & is not smaller than vtilitascolligitur.
Menanders to Ephefijapud eundemIofephum, Quiabo Hiram fiuc.
Trom King, who logs Solomonifuppcditauit the pygmies.
superabund-, the brother of Dido, all the kings of Zidon, & Tyrio-.
Rum recenfentur. Prime is the Ego u @ Eyre son αζέαλε yava.
The second Iromißa ^ εαχαρ®, niyiya regnauitannos seventh.
His son dάδαςαφ%, nnvvTay annosnouem.

Page 23


Kish was killed, a senior member of the nurse άνωνυμ® years.
years. After this digay% o d ελα / αςέle, I nnny or nnnyy%.
We twelve. © doâgvu this fuccedens brother, Eryn years, no.
Rather. I interfeetor against Pheletes, ipfe φάλης, nºs, Menfo Oh.
And to. Hocinterfe% to a to z © yyns priest Aftartes thirty.
two. This fucceffo Cad% 93® 'niy play six years ago. This son.
puoityiw © fis3 bib of nine. Succeffit ®vχμαλιόyji% ypune that matter.
gnauitannos forty seventh. We see this in Rome, which, Vt.
we have said, fubminiftrauit to Solomon cedar-trees, and also Ithobaalum one, when he.
law wife and daughter iezabel led OmriRex Samariæ.i.Reg.xv 1 ,.
31. From trom death, the twelfth year quotemplum unopened.
accident 'is, deceffiffe fcribit Iofephus, to the feptimum year' ty.
gmalionis where her built Carthage, fluxiffe Iofe years.
fcribit claims 1 55 O & menfes to. However vary the system. Arrest.
dit for twelve years, Hiromi, who were excluded by the term.
thefin and further realization of Pygmalion 47, when forty.
One hearing angles. Thus, of the death of Rome, to the of Carthage, to be stored.
as well as be yet many years, only 1 o3. But, of all these things the kings of the, &.
Corus years, and any income from this fragment leetionem collected.
poffit discussed more fully elsewhere inlibcllo Fragmentorum.Apud Tei.
tullianum Apologético cap. XIX. Jerome Phænix King of Tire.
Read Hiro Phænix Yet, in the meantime some previously.
not to be told. Cartagena is dclcta abvrbc was founded in the year 663 ,.
Iulianae period of 4567, 737 years, poftquam by Dido conditions.
ta Auetore Solin. DC derive 737 4567, or abandoned.
In less feptem Ithobaalis 383 Pcriodo Juliana. OmfiRex sa_.
Marie-law Ithobaalis starts regnare 578 years from Exodus that.
379 is a period of 5 Star. Ithobaalis from the beginning to the year py.
gmalionis feptimum, how the years are abfoluim 5;. I led and is AE.
333 Oh, it remains the year 3777, in the period luliana, first the Kingdom.
Ithobaalis.Iniuit the kingdom xvi 1 1 years before the law.
OmriinSamaria Nine. Although these are not fufficiunt.
the FTA.
_ P O R R E G 50 E 1000 N A. xxx 1 x.
|.
II.
ftabiliendam the kings of Samaria Epoch, because fèripturamen.
tiononfit fraction annoregni was Ithobaal filiamfuamRegiOmride.
fponfàuerit, nor was the sixth year of illamOmri guidance vxo.
reality, however, followed certiffimum time gathered together here eludes you.
meritatcm of them, who have time both of the kings of the further sum of Samaria.
move the giant interval. In addition, it is inferred that period.
from the ilija for destruction, and to the formation of Carthage, to wit, of the year 299.
JEneas Didoncm anteceffit many years. He Tire Si.
the gifts of the poftea regnarint, Iofephus recenfentur from the Annals of contracted for.
codification The first i% £ αλος Yans defciuiffet with a Ba.
byloniis, cxpugnata Tire from Nabuchodonoforo, interfeetor protector.
Rcliqua kings who poftea Tire and Sidon and ruled the tribe.
tarij Chaldeass attend, quodnectacuit Jeremiah xxv 2. The first three.
Butari GAA ^ ya ruled for ten years. After this Judge.
άμιίραλ @ [220 \ αχ8 n'y 13% * ya ya ya menfesduos. χόλάς αρσαῖα.
* Tas-fa syn menfesdecem. αέαρ®2g245g4} ς ΠΣΠ NAS three. μύτyoy®.
1 %%% of the GE} ^% *% £ jiue xeílaj Diphivn oºs * Ty Ya nnügi) IiNy win.
fèx.Scdinter those two years and eight brothers and Z ^ DRG © g% Ya.
vmum year. μζαλ © 'arceffitus Babylon y> ^ out of the year.
four. This brother-smeared $ = yn years old. This thirteen years.
begins his reign of Cyrus, the same Iofephus from the iifdem on the motion of the arms.
Phoenecians missiles and feptimi year Ithobaal, Nebuchadnezzar.
nofor and He began to an attack on Tire, that was. growth together out of the same Iofephus iifdem.
annals. Most years from the beginning of the siege of Tire ad.
XIII Rome, 35 years, menfestres. The first year is 187 Na.
bonaffàri. derive; 5 abfolutos remains a year captæTyri 152.
Nabonaffàri, who was one of tertiufdecimus Nabuchodonofori, last term.
Nabopollaffari. So many years impenditoppugnandæ munitif.
Fima alarm. When she meets all of those things Jerof from Syria.
tamed the captured Jekoniah and O 3 year Nabopollaffàri fcri.
bit. Quambene hæcconfirmant of Nabopollaffàro father Springer.
chodonofori, and 3 out of 6 years Nabopollaffariapud Ezekielem? This.
Tire expugnatioab Jeremy prædictafuerat cap.xLv 1 1,4.Scd go.
rümTyrus arms, and taken from the same Nabuchodonoforo post.
the destruction of the Temple. Ezekiel xxvi.cuius annumignoramus. With.
Iofephus mendofe are taken away, abinitio of Baal, to the Xiii Rome, of the year.
54. vtex enumerating conftat. Efterror librariorum.Namab out.
pughataTyro, adinitium of Cyrus, and departed from this enumerating them annitantum.
3 5, menfes; colliguntur.Bearuntnos & hocAnnalium Phoenecians ,.
And the remaining fragments of ancient fcriptum with Iofephus, quæval.
frenant Chronologorum the license, appofuit hcbraic.
 2 6 names, 10 50 50 E P O R G E N O 1000 A.
/.

names as they ftudiofi, Sidon and Tyriorum language.
Jewish fuiffe. For DidoriTT is úvoxoe / £ ix6v, the nurse.
ces be full of boys will entreat the favor, of which the mafculinum cft David mt. Elect.
FAM Now r g'is the fate of conftat Hebræumeffe.Præterea Iofephus reality.


Page 24


unless beyond τατεί & ς όgκες be to swear, saying, among whom he includes the Ko3%, that is, he says.
Iofephus d o9y 383% Moderately experienced Hebraifmi they know fanP effects.
donumfacrum. This entirely demonftrantur, Tire and Sidon.
fuiffe both Jewish and shine. And it is utterly surprised them fanétiffimum.
fuiffe iufiurandum Korban, so it's in either R-Jewish conflict, vu. Chaim.
la or Chaiadonai. However, at the time of Martial pronounced chialis.
verpe rights through Akiali. Since Jews listened chialis swear :.
For this reason, she thought ejse Akiali, that the Voice of Anchialus fit no.
tiqr than chialis. At the Broadfoot, a lot previously.
nienfesa puroTyriorum fermone defciuerant, as is shown here as a punishment.
the times: the matter of which € you pay on the side of the majority of the words of the Punic poffunt.
from the Hebraifmo ​​the things that are absent at more closely, than from the Syriafmo. However.
Canopie if we hear the opposite diet eftab ipfis penalties Carthada ,.
* £ T nnp. which in Aramaic, effcus rnET, NTP, Thus, part in iftis infra.
gmentisbene positioned priusconfideraffentqui that if we are criticized.
recounted, ijtaminiufte our fault rather than be humiliated muscle.
fenfiffent basis. I say nothing of others, whom not even the renowned, all, indeed, I would like to.
One is a blessing. Perera know myself, who are in fuo in Danielcmcom.
mentaries, and others of his & mein the first place of blaming him, that abfurditates.
all, by the beak above the confutauit, quafque none of the houses also of the mind.
proved nonfequor. And He, however, poftquam of all the adduétis fen.
Concerning peffimas quafque most ridiculous fcquitur which spring.
Twice caftigandus cli? It is, those who try to Sedekia feptuaginta his long years.
dcducit and Finish command in the first year of Cyrus, which cli in the first place.
Lev year Olympiad terminates. That quantumabfurdum he comes out of.
those that are above the difputata we train before. Finally.
Nothing in this contrived, so abfurdumab other cft, quodip (e.
not hath advanced, the better. Why is a chronology of Daniel in the plant.
that the boy is. First charger quamalios reprehendcredcbcbat.Quan.
inftitui poffet burn the book in a civil refute errors! Simihiex_.
cidiffentca, fcribit that he had said, I will not go unpunished tuliffem, which cli Ari.
ftarchorum mcorum baby and precacitas. Of course these things.
prchcnforum, quimc to be more learned they do not make, and public actions were not worth more.
I do, quamipfiveritatcm, from what they have that we opened: camautem iiliaut.
for the sake of imperitiamnon agnofcunt, either on account of the wickedness of diffimu.
quested. But on the other line. And this indeed DC kings of.
DC.
P R E C O O 50 10 50 1000 E N A. I.
().
h.
The bear kings quomodoilli from Daniel and Efdraerui pof.
most desirable fate v 1 in a book. Xerxes, there is the fact that they are with a Rf.
drain 1 1 1 1 6 fated excontextu ended deduced. All times.
Cyrus matter, and the killing of King Perfarum, Temple work is interrupted.
4, 5. the plumage is Dariuminitioregni affuerim inftitut accufàtionem.
the Jews. 6. Afterwards demanded by commas Artexerxes Mithridates ,.
& AlijhoftesIudæorumArtaxerxi fcribunt the Jews. 7 commas.
to such effect that by Artaxerxes him, at the times of the Darijalius, the building of a | m.
infantry. 24. In his killing Haggaeus Prophc by commas.
Zachary fourth and encourage Iudæosad need to be continued. V, 1.
The plumage is fcquitur this had overthrown Darius, Artaxerxes, also known Efdra feptimoanno.
impcrij, however, I was in the Palaeftinam mifit.Iam Darius the nulluseftpoftCy.
Rum, beside year of Hyftafpis. To avoid this, indeed, not to.
Gant. Here difturbatum the first year of Cyrus the end of the killing.
Kings of the four sub difturbatum, Cyrus Smerdes, Cambyfe ,.
Darius. Hyftafpis between Darius, and Artaxerxes, who can serve effect ,.
beside Xerxes? Eftmedius is present between Darius, and Artaxerxes.
Terga aids, fine, vtpronunciari be Oxyarcs, eftXerxes gods.
Tiff of the kings of Perfidis.Daniel, xi, 2. & eiusopibus and more powerful than the latter.
stories of Greeks trust. But the husband of the iEfter is called to be here.
country, and in addition, ditiffimus and latiffimo command that is in the book.
Efter. Efdra and then there is the husband of one and the same iEfter protector.
Efdra again present to the King. The husband iEfter eftXerxes.
What? quodXerxisvxorvocatur Amiftris, Perfect AmEfter.Quid.
Many different? Ettamenen xaxo% aw.en Fucci loliginis.Quidobiiciunt ?.
Listening curve, cöponcre.Si wear bid, they allow EFTX.
xes, then Mordecai, and then the grace valebatapud the King, it is not fiuiffct the work.
templiimpediri. Quptes modishæc confutaripoffunt, if tantieffent !.
Aduerfustotévayyîargumentaquemlocum habettamludicra account.
IE & tio? Quidfiorauitregem Mordecai and the Satrapasftetit that.
less than eDiets Regispareretur, vtfub Cyrocontigit? In fact, fiCyro by force.
liveth,, his cdiétumfloccifecerunt hoftes of the Jews, how much more should.
the grace of Mordecai had fallen on? Quidfine Iudæiquidécurarunteade matter Mar.
dochæum can call vtnon Mardochias fed ipforumIudæorum.
'Fault? Here XXXVII annispoft emiffum a necklace bastard dessert.
And then rebuild the walls of Jerusalem, Nehemiasaccipitnú.
Mass, they are not alone RCFE and conducts muroseffe, fedneminëdereficiendis.
Indeed care. Thus negligence, are they not able to gait Iudæisfub.
-among where imperanteaccufàtioinIudæosinftitutaeft, cumfub N.
taxerxe Memore, quiIudæisfaucbat, focordia in them was so great ?.
Why, why do, it speaks to hoctelumftringit, it is not perforat.Quibus.
 6 3 tOtX.

Page 25

  P r o G Ε 50 ο 1000 E N A.
do not Funt to the truth of pcrfuadendum arguments of so many of fate, the anger of the cft.
remhabere with them. A Cyriannoprimo the last killing work.
Temple diftuibatum. Efdra 1 1 1 1 5 From the beginning Affucri, quicft.
Xerxes with temporeipfius Affucri and Artaxerxe, vfqucad fecun.
dumannum for killing, I do not fammoras one of the objections, but of the false accusations, according to.
kings rivaled & Artaxerxen Jews inceffendo enemies core.
nonfòlum the work prevented, but Iudaeosin difcrimen the greatest.
width. Efdra 4, 6, 7, 2, 1, 2, 13, and fequentibus.Qua derc.
Zachary complained of in the ongoing killing of Angel: Do.
meme of hosts, quou / que no me / eraberis Jerusalem, 6.
of cities, which thou has now treats / eptuagefimus year ?.
En difturbatiofèptuaginta years. to whom locohoftes veritatiscon.
poffunt does not contradict truth. Darius son HYFTE dicentillum an effect.
fpis * Year of the fertile phase Julian Darijin 4194. Dedu & tisfe.
ptuaginta 41 24 remains a year, that is, the third Olympiad 47 ,.
I caught Sedekias. That is abfurd. Therefore it is, under what.
Zechariah prophesied, is none other than the Son Hyftafpis. Give therefore.
settling Nothus. Efdra has a xcrx, to the has been rich in a year for killing.
1 1 1 1 24. And after him Darius Artaxerxen another. VII, 1. Who.
is he, Xerxes, Artaxerxes, Pofi, in addition to the Artaxerxes Longimanus ?.
Darius, who postill Artaxerxen and Anteal Artaxerxen into account.
Darius Nothus three intermediate between the two Ahasuerus, Longima.
Surely, you remember? The words are Efdra had rejected before.
which is fententia attack. Conuin first Efdra fable.
cendus to pass, that I shall. Autfiego liar when Efdra ergomcn.
hat. Negenthæcita protrudes from Efdra. Hands dabo.Quamine.
pti they are, of which malevolent, quihæcncgant: quantoodio veritatishoc.
they do! Pereriumnegare necessary for Efdramcxtare, opusdei.
fturbatum fuiffe the first year of Cyrus, the last killing, after the DA.
riumtototempore Affucri and Artaxerxe, Iudaeosapud RcgesPerfi.
push accufatos, vfqucad fecundumannum killing, quoquidcmanno.
Darijfecundo temple ædificaricæptum, and after that Darius.
Another year feptimi Artaxerxe, Efdra the Palaeftinam miffus.Si it.
can serve deny, then boldly and nosvera dixiffencgato. Scdprofe.
cto only aeftuabit in the iftis and confute, so far as in fuo Belo, & c.
Dragon, and in suo Aftyage regc Babylon, Daniel Jemts.
cffet child, and in others, the MC pudcm, in which the fate oftendere ,.
quambenedc real Chronologis earned cft. Certainly, the quitantum.
proof of what works for them, not so much surprised if confidenteralia ability, for example.
at length, in the Cyrumnono annopoftobitumfuumediéta any of those duties.
wheeze. Surprised quodex Berofofucccffioncm kings of Babylon, and.
CX hcp O R 50 E 1000 E G O N A 1 x 1.
W.
Herodotus on the way home. Maluiffet, that out of the Ifidoro popular fuo them.
rcgesemendicaffem. But fate eumrefellunt that the slits, and the book.
By virtue of this work we have been said. Dariusigitur ifte two N.
taxerxes placed in laefaS Darius Nothus who ate and then made concerning the fate.
folymis inftaurandis. At a rclaxata the captives, from, say they, adfecun.
While killing Noth, annifunt CV and still live Iofedek and ZE.
rubabcl. It is strongly fenesigitur cos it is necessary fuiffe: that they do not seem to be.
Why do ye not think ye? Quaremirum, those two acceffiffe comes of age.
Levi, Kohath and Amram imoad her age, rather than by force.
give one among many? Hocargumcntum fated fue lococonfutatum.Sed.
very mistaken when Nehemiam, Efdra 2, 2, the same fa.
Nchemia with him, but renders the walls, the walls of Jerusalem and who are inftaura.
shipped. The ipfum and other confutauit. For Nehemiah fate.
folymorum inftaurator it came to the time for killing Codomannus ;.
yourfcif mention of which makes openly cap. XII. 2. At 2 iad.
Two women who lived under Alexander the Great and Sannaballetis Sama.
Ritan, quiad of Tire that Alexander, in the attempt, with the help in this.
the bus forces, and by that, so it could meet the temple on the mountain Ga.
Rizinus conftrucrc, forgiveness. This argument obstinacy in.
girdle demands, which are declining, and I was very hard. Poftremo.
impudentiæ it came as a head x 1 1 Nechemiyah lowest bid.
titium effects. What? cxpg and to, to say, Efdra and Nehcmiam either.
told lies is shown ejse, or fua the times of the ignoraffe. But why exfpeétandum.
cft: Analiud willing to learn when impudentiffime all things, which are made by Efdra ,.
Diet & Nehemiah ing negat? Therefore, Nehemiah dinum.
Iofuc payment from the fuum Faecula, five gencrationes 5 yourfcif.
Nehemiah did not potcft ejse is a man who has come with the Iofue of Jerusalem.
Behold, the dregs of the Popes from the foluta the captives, from the chief, to the time do not.
Hemi: Iofue the son of Iofedeck, Jehoiakim the son of his, the grandson of Eliafib ,.
Jojada nephew, Jonathan mentioned, ïàðû adnepos under Alc.
xandro still alive Nehemiah. IftiusIaduae patruusduxeratv.
Xore daughter SannaballetisSamaritae. Nehem.xIII. 28. calls.
batur Manaffes, but the former Nicafo. Iofephus. 1 x 7. Of course, this cine.
Nothing can serve Sophiftice. The survivors from the feptuaginta Hebdomadcs, wherein you stand.
Rum, for example omniumfereprophetiarum fuar, interpresipfeeft Give.
Niel. For beginning and end finger explained: principiumab.


Page 26


lymorum That Fane account conuenientiffimum is that fcilicet cæ.
Hcbdomadcs to the beginning and end of eiufdem fübieéti, that fate.
folymorum, pertincant, $ eptuaginta hebdomadesdeterminata / ant.
upon thy people and / Jerechus city wilt. Would not it circumfcribit.
 4. cxcidio 50 £ 1. PRO 50 E 1000 E G O N A. •.
The destruction of the city? For what do they amount to? The Prince defruet Cl.
I John, oh sanetuarium? Also, Z) e / olatio for V / Mie the world.
mation. Who is so blind as not see anything, as in so much light? Who well.
the front of the iron, so that these things Hifca cine, would dare to? En week.
Daniel paffions Christi and Jerusalem and euerfionem county.
pleétuntur. And still others that the destruction of Jerusalem, others.
Paffionem here to hatch. It is not, therefore, obfcurum cli, which is why it might.
These debates feptimanæ, since when definant, ipfemet Give.
Niel oftendit. Also, the start of oftendit: 1 x 2 5. This is unfair.
components for controuerfum is, because of smoke in VE.
ment hatred, however feptuaginta feptimanis from 7 years Oh Christi.
Dionyfiano, in which the destruction occurs internally, behind him, do you think, shall we arrive.
at the beginning of them. But the half-feptimana, of which mention is made of comma.
will last, and noftros the eyes and slipped away. Some, for instance ,.
as also of us in times past have thought that, ejse part of one of the feptuaginta.
Whereas, on the outside of them there be vfu Hebraifminos tandempercepimus effects.
ptuaginta, nor the effects of the feptuaginta dimidiumvnius, fedtantum.
those three and a half above the age of 49 should be understood effects. What.
animaduerfio, indeed, as a significant number, so I have that is a difficult part of this.
ncgotijvcrtitur. With the half of the total number of the horumannorum 493.
air. Annuscaptorum Jerusalem and the periodoIuliana 478 3.
1) They deductus 493 abfolutos, left in year 4, 9a INPC.
Rio de Julian, starting fèptuaginta Week: the journey.
is a fruitful year for killing a bastard, that say, quianno ongoing.
Kingdom CDI, and I am not impediendotcmpli EMIFS of the building. Rf.
draet force. Vidimusex for those who are above the exEfdra adduced during the whole.
time permits, and Artaxerxe, vfqueadfecundum year killing for.
Arthasastha account of the letter from the Jewish hoftibus fcriptum buildings.
tion interruption. And yet cxtitit for vicefimo year.
Arthasastha weeks of the start of gravity. In the first place.
and commit sin, that it is from temporibusillius of the king are the ways, of which the tototem.
ceffauit pore structure. and this conception is dicere, Efdra are mistaken, or.
lying. After oftendant exactly edietam miffumcftanno force.
cefimo by me. Let them tell me, why did Nehemiah not folummi.
Mexicans, but also hurts the walls of Jerusalem is still in ruins.
of wax, except because he thought that was already inftaurata effe? If he thought it, therefore, that of.
some eDiets, what else cdiétum shall be published and beside nm.
Killing? To prefer it to the king only, did he obtain the Nchemias Traétorias.
And conducts tranfeuphratenfis districts, such as free Acceffere him with.
in the Palaeftinam, and also literasad Asaph fàltuarium, that is, the Son of the matter.
concentrated in cuftodcm, so that matcriafibi fubminiftrarctur of the kings sonne of, to the.
 A portasIP Ε G ο 1000 6 50 10 50 E N A. v.
doors for repairs, Nechemiyah t, 7, 8, 9. From cdiéto that VICEF.
mum year Arthasastha anteceffit, the walls, which are unnoticed by the Jews.
& TA lay out letters autemad Afaphfaltuarium gates refreshed.
Whereas, on the eDiets their convalescence or to Jerusalem and openly about it.
vegetable weeks. Daniel ix, 2 5.Ergo not from twenty years Strait.
Xerxis. Percri poftquam Leétorem a massive refutation.
as to whether a crushing reply, a long exfpeétatione fufpendit, Finally, let all who are.
scripserunt on this subject, puerosoftendit, he at length concludes, from the VICEF.
Moanne Arthasastha considered effeSeptimanas. Arthasastha year.
Longimana VICEF than 4 2 68 periodoIuliana. Menacing and tie 49 ,.
componiturannus 47 to 58 periodoIuliana. Derive Chriftiho.
Dierna epoch of 4713 remains the year of Christ 45, annisfolidis two.
decimpoft Paffione. And so she ran from the thirteenth year of Paf.
Fiona, the fifth, however imperijClaudij, eftfinis the week before. Ho.
mo, taught us the envy of myfterijexpofitionem, j ust.
multaalia method of Belo, and the dragon and the words% yXaj3xi.
n, n; iay Xai 3 agire, and similar, which he refused profanisáperire.
Quodnammyfterium cenfeo effein fifth year Claudij Cæfaris ?.
Along with this equipment Chronicles of finds fault with others, who were reet.
the nature of the times, they teach. Reieéta hacanili and ridiculous Fenten.
tia, fupereft them, but not at any rate be true, but, nevertheless, he was a middling, which is spoken by.
feptimo year eiufdem Arthasastha longimana begins. Is.
feptem less Arthasastha longimana 42 compofito 55 and 49.
defines a year 47 45 3 2 which is the year of Christ as hodieputa.
mouse, from the Paffione, interccditannus solids only. But.
Let us define inanner Paffione. If Pererius & difplicuitnoftra.
SulpitijSeueri fententia, falter omiffa the afinina, which for twenty years.
Arthasastha start inftituit, great native iftam. Peccaffet that.
dem, but with some special reason. Peccaffet human, nonautem.
{Traduxiffet out. For v 1 1 annomiffus Efdra inPalæftinam. However.
mullet edietam carried out by Artaxerxes. Only under him, and continuous.


Page 27

 But Darius the.
Hicrofolymainftaurari, suffered alone. For years the ongoing killing.
The Jews incipiuntiacere moeniumvrbis foundation, which interpcl.
landiliteras to Artaxerxes the hoftes they sent out of the Jews, to whom the King, in the.
rebelleminftaurari state say, eiufquemoenia restored. Efdra.
4, 12, 13. King was found vetuftiffimo year edietam permits face.
circumstance, that these things should have submitted themselves hoftes interpcllare conabantur.An? Do not.
Gabus, cio and fcientesprudentefque mentientur.Nobis verof.
tie is abfurditatescorum oftendiffe. Deillistriumphare as equal to DC.
ufually to others, it is the custom, nor noftri, nor praefentia inftitut. Combustion ;.
 "LeétorX 50 5 1. 50 P r o e c o £ 1000 N A.
Le & scroll noftrum force for further confülat. If ours are, when ho.
Rum accounts conferred on them by the Fates themselves will be able to not cease to wonder, how did it happen.
Consequently the way The easiest thing in quamipfe Danielinterpretatur, against the men.
temDanielis and obfcuriffimam and inexplicable thing. If Par.
Phyrius lived, no arguments other than religion even Christ.
the beginnings of an attack on potuiffet to bear, than that of those of men, with light skirmishes.
: in them, which by eratet of knowledge is, 110. ratio of the times, cuiuspe.
ritiffimus was wrong potuiffet {itis, a real chronology.
Daniel teach them. For the whole interpretation obfcuriffi.
they ought 1 x my head, so it is teftis. Jerome. Therefore.
abfque Porphyry, it would be, the whole of that chapter hiftoria haetenus Altaf.
lentijobliuionc thrown staged a multistam old quamhu.
fcriptoribus conieóturas exprefìffet right of tartar. However, for the week.
I return you give, the Bastard of which initiuma the ongoing killing, the destruction of the end.
Of Jerusalem. Vtriufque of a term growth together Daniclis, which sequi.
models. Envious, jealous xaxo%, while properties Paradox force command.
mouse. Daniel was so diftribuit feptimanas, half, possessing a single, feptem ,.
fexaginta duas.Summa, feptimanæ feptuaginta with the femiffe: of the year.
493; And indeed, although it has myfterij diftributio it is not more, than.
partition pounds in Ezekiclem x 50 V, 12. Twenty bowl, vigintiquim.
which is my son, Er, and fifteen ficl to you, Mina. And so, fruftra labor ,.
cainterualla which contains some epochas suppose, and therefore meeting.
Many are forced to explain them all cine, Daniel, and what is worse.
is to say that the mind was fententiam. Survivors, and other age, each of which.
The wise ftudiofis left for him. Only the first command, Fran.
Corus difcuffimus and Gregory Turonenfis through Anachronos £.
intricatiffimo fcriptori customer and hallucinations, but aliquamlucem.
undertakings. All who wish Hiftoriarum French ftudiofis welcome effect.
mus.Optamus say. For, in so great envy and hate of the letters.
fpcrare hardly dare not. Roman feptimo in the account book, and others.
the reason for this we restored bi, why be called the day of the feast of feptimanæ: fed.
Why is the name of the first book and the planets. For it will be an appeal.
far more ancient hours of night. from the hours of the day, why can not the names of the orbits.
busfeptimanæ impofita, but rather fuperftitioappellationis of the days.
hours in the retina. Quodautem vetuftiffima fitappellatio days.
from the planets of the ancient Greek demonftrantur, vetuftiffimo oracle.
in logic.
Kλήν Egμ'υ, jdl'î UOW ¥ ^%%%.
 Hμágh κλί8. μήνω DL 'ότε τήσός zrapeiw.
: HUAM, I o Kegwoy and HDI '£% * A4a9% to RLW ,.
Kλήσεαυ αφάγκῶς, άς όga Mgyαν of έχ / 5®.
 : T} P O R E 50 100 1000 E O N A L 10 50 5 1
I.1.
I
Ἐφαφ% t% 6% ^ € ¢ ssao, av Tajrsg ivzov.
Ka) (4) δο} α ζ κέ άκαςΌν αά $ εῶν ἐπακιφωlw.
Baai ^ ® * * aiaoia %%, (as he explained) eftOftanesrex Ba.
Babylon,. BA λων it is íídq%%% © Oh, that is, the seven letters.
The common people, however, believed that the planets to appear on the day fuo: that is to say to every one.
Tuesday, ipfum the mourning I can see poteftatem. This follows.
Orpheus was entirely defignauit EW E'gyoiç out fiuígou ;. ';.
Μάρ ά γάτω 2% and 4% quater i ') Agn;.
Mfin DL 'ἐς τ' Aglwi άπύλλά): I've di §gyœy. .
For diferte understand it, fi ^ WLW there happens to be the day of the new moon, x3'G.
Tuesday, ideft make a third, abftinendum work. In other cases.
Computorum same came, much rests beside fuperiorem dessert.
rivaling many caftigatu ing præfertimin ComputoIudaico. For.
cauff we teach that the Jewish people of today are the years of the Sun's, but I have had before because of fear.
termiffàs for cumomnibus to know. Further losses.
And we have known fententiam noftram of the Tekupharum the faith of men, to be prifci.
The epoch of the world placed him: wherefore he came to be, you one day a year.
Embolima for the common we should not accept, but they do not vnoloco.
Professor smoke, we do not nefcio, which form the present effect of the year, and.
Who fitus embolifmorum. That is the bottom end of the intervention fciolus that.
cpiftolam Chronologicam fcripfit, they would never fciffet, what effet.
Jewish year today. And when we ask these silly which bear.
, doubt that, nosingens atrocity has taken place admififfe, that so thought of embolifmis by the Jews.
pronunciauit. I am not in those of meminiffem feathers, save fcire to human beings.
busmagis charms are truly deftruunt than that illamdo.
cent. And in small parties and there are, the more deleétet which it is not the railing old wife's fable ,.
he learns the truth. EfTet long story to tell, kindly repeat ,.
How many heutenant infcitiæ portentofae not alone, but also behavior.
improbiffimorum edition of the first stirred his: is done as to which shall be fu.


Page 28

 Here again until needed.
He was under the press. There was no man to call for this effect.
Iniuriamfacere humans, but the dirt and eddy quilibrum.
fcripfitinme French, English fruftopanisa poftremobipedum ,.
Chronicles of an expert be called out alone, but you do all these things.
imopere I fcripferim a fefuratum. Ifte never seen a book.
mine, and we are not thieves claimed. And far from unprecedented.
We attacking others diuerfa. For some of us hate, because in.
noftris the books of nothing at all, which is not new, is done, and these things vnacauffâ.
cft incentive to, that beyond the exfpeétationem, founds the, quæinfepotius, than.
amarent.Quod us if thieves effemusalienorumfcriptorum, nul.
luscffet locusinuidiæ. What? Did annofuperiore produced Chro.
 nolog ■ ■ 10 50 6 1 50 pr o e o 1000 G E N A.
nolog reg1% said the author beside endless error monftra.
in the rationetemporum, fententiis noftras, ipfa the words of the cauila.
Bubacene.d, silent as the name of the nostro, will seem to do as he courted? Ifte good.
Chronologus, feptuaginta years of elders does Taubes, with.
Ham, than Mofes fcribit: 74 years of the world's major ,.
quampatiuntur real therefrom. He hath cut out never to him, it is true, unless beyond.
strong in the things that we have that in the epoch of the first Olympiadisin.
XX 1 1 1 July, which is first of all stated, and the folc.
Pindar, which ifte never saw it, we have learned and in front Eclipfi.
Herod's death, which primiindicauimus. Namfimius nofter than ,.
And yet obtreetator. The excellent work closes beautiful.
have heere, that is to say the form of the year, caelcftis. In fact, this purpose also, we fecc.
branch. But.
Gorilla bright-colored marble baths.
City. and laid the Otacilius.
Iubetigitur after 16 years of O vnumbifextum take, for example inoétingen.
tis the river bifexta yourfcif five pieces; so much is able to extinguish, Alfonfinifex. Therefore.
For both fubtile epichirema d'Era xg%, € μέ χέejù xtvTjaoile.
However Deill ftultitia and other furiislibrofingularidicemus. For.
noniftumfolum, which we have never lsefe, it is not distinguished by any priuatainiu.
Syria, but the ferocity of the quædamanimiad curse pushed. There are others.
fanatics, whom the same disease & rabiesexagitat. And so, faith whose in the things themselves.
feriisvacat, adeateam chronology. And have even worse.
it, and they laugh. What do we say about illofeuero Cenfore, quiprio.
the publication noftram never saw, and yet the eaedicit base.
eDiets imply? He has not seen; and if vidiffet, it is not intellexiffet. Exaliorumo.
Pinion noftra judge. This is the præcifà confidence can not be alone with me ,.
{Edinaliosquoque diftringitur. Has eclogarii, quiillicentones.
and they are fattened, they extracted By backgrounds exauétoribus fubminiftrant appofitum.
the name of the & cognomineau & couches, fednominefingularilitera defign.
to.Hinc it comes about that, Martin Who will call, Quief Matthew, Peter, who is.
Philip. John vocaffet me too, except notiorilli effemde.
name, than the scriptis, a stranger, the information of which is of the judges. For.
he understood them well enough not to Himself, indeed, Eclogarius noftra, z $ μάμ.
fíáò Ass & Agosuíáαεω5, what they are teaching is ours. Ipfeproferttan.
than commonplaces: just as he, chronologus, whom I have already.
verbafecimus, deemed that the matter to the common version effe, first Olympiad.
just celebrated xxm July, which thing is the secret of the whole of the year also of the Gentile fill in this form.
& Advisedly. Deifto the feueres Cenfore and aliiseritalius dicendilocus :.
quosnolim the hocopcre famed. Too much to misuse.
that bears your patience and kindness lect, quitc thankless leisure kept occupied.
 IlCaInP R E C O O 50 41 1000 E N A. N.
:.
f.
;.
1; i.
[.
: 1.
your marks of distinction, since the these hours is better to place the poff, not only of those.
cauffa of men, whom it had been better to pass away, than to inspire thee with totiusin.
ftituere noftri to each. We do not need any ambition.
fufcepit moved, but that Chronologiam fciolorum from delusions and tyrants.
nide fophiftarum vindicaremus 5 and distinguished minds to greater out.
unsubstantiated. In fact, a great eagle, great of this Meffer & fpicilegia are. Therefore it.
many books that could still be completed. We, who were learned.
the mouse, μάχα θέλίον μάχα δια κακόν, οéto the former librosin the seven against.
described before, O & taui book with a tribute fuperiores erogato.Vtinam breuior.
disseminated by the difficulty of licuiffet effect on us! In fact, the seven these there.
In twenty, others are more procudiffent. Exnoftris the Difputationes.
We see how the Chronicle abfolutiffimum manufactured poffit. Who.
and more human intervention has to be prepared from all the inhumane child.
a free man, who has done this for himself gloriofa, and pofteritati fruétuofàm raid at ?.
To the task of so much happiness is not to grauabitur, for the first time this year Julia.
notanquam ftabilis foundation work fuum fuperftruat: In period.
Lian Truly it is time to compose a list is to use. For, as I said at the outset.
mouse, intricately end of the season in Julian, end of year period lu.
Rana, to the end that the ship sails, oars and sails. And so, poteftad.
Iulian year period occurred care of relevance, if the threshold before work.
All epochas praemiferit to its defignatas a period of years, such as.
the fifth made. Thus, the period of Julian is the place of the one of all the man he was.
In fact, in the minds of the bed to a man's deeds is calculated by the gods of a multitude of epocharum £.


Page 29


always on top, for the edges of the things that say almost everything in a man's deeds: And whereas one of so close a.
dus Juliana all compleétatur. It is not, however, I forbid you all the historical epoch.
Rum calculation, to add on, if to whom so it would seem. First, however, to remind out.
bet, vtra Palilia fequitur, Varro, an Cato. dealt with in the part of the Chro.
mologorum the wisdom of the Defiderius, is sent to a Periculofum epoch.
controuerfam years in the care of demand so as to Palilia of Rome at the age of m.
perij Augusti, haetenus in unto them in all the & Hannah, Historiarum.
Hum fcriptores birthday Chriftidirigunt time, they lose their uncertainties.
leétores, than in the past. Having made such a constitutis, there is no aid, the end of the day.
marking the old forgive you vtriufque faith noftriSolaris and lu.
The first day of the moon should be provided. and to that extent, where the thing is poftulabit, not to GRAY.
Day Nabonaffari are also Egyptian hegirae Muhammcda.
For Iezdegird do apply, and præfertim Attic with men.
fibustam mob, according to which the town-hall: in such a way, so that Harpaleas men.
fibus the Metonem, metonic the Calippus, Calippicis vfque ad.
the edition of that year, Julian, whereon he may have. Wherefore, just as the noble-minded than out of the.
Poch, so that the table can moons Attic & Pry.
ζ Litanies ,.
v.L 'p r o G o E 50 E 1000 N A.
Tani, Jewish and Muhammedano and harmoniæ years.
in the superior, to the threshold of the work, shall be: do not be unprepared to the bed to a man's deeds.
The annals of the context rum, or accept the invitation. Where lack Characters ,.
appofitionem next year, and will have used the crossing, which is Vl.
timumfubfidium. For example, when the kings of Judah and Samaria, no.
charaeter appofitum-year-old, only to put together the wild beasts, and be content with effe.
We menacing and urged alone years, for otherwise it is impossible. However.
at certain intervals annidirigendi. So that from the book of Exodus, of which the charaeter cer.
TIFF is the day of the week, with the fifth to the cafum Sedekiae, of which it is a year of charaeter.
Of the Sabbath, annifunt abfoluim 9o7.a conditus of the temple, which the index is for certain.
frankincense from this writing coincides with the year of the Exodus 48o to cafum Sedekiae.
must not allow the addition of imputed as a crime takes place years of age, on account of the years of abfolu.
tos, if its gliding are supposed to be in place of, or in the reverse. Then at intervals.
radiation operation will be required. As an example for the passage of the years of abfoluim.
You initially Daniel Jehoiakim third year, which was the fourth Ia.
having a prediction XXV 1. At Gregorius Turonenfis eiufmo.
Many extant examples gods, and with Iofephus and Plutarch, and.
Xenophontis. This is done either end are excluded.
Plutarch at any time the both of the border of the way for it. Example: Sab.
pofterius is approved, the eighth day from the previous fabbato. The interval fč.
seven days. But Plutarch dixiffet the dregs of the day. Namely exclufis both cases.
that fabbato. This one is not equal to the error of growth together, but idiotifmus vfurpan.
confuetum components of the ordinary. Thus, Matthew xvii i.Marci IX, 9. lees.
exclufis each day is the total mark of 1 x 28 there are eight ,.
inclufa each term. No fue charm & Hiftoriarum day grind.
signature to fail, even if the certainty hold. Example: The Cow.
fulum fair, we know the year of Christ 364 cffet first Valentiniani.
But the Elder was created in bifextili and Poftridiè bifèxti m.
the Empire of the iniiffe fcribit, non eft he charaeter be omitted. The result will be that.
In this way, a certain distance between himself and another to the end of a fixed, where the deftituent fi.
gna, by this, as if in that marituto set sail for the poffis of Helica. The same gods.
the co eclipfe, indiétionibus, years of sabbatical air Hifpanica ,.
celebrations of the Pafchate -divinities with Hiftoricum Chriftianos:, and.
by recalling to the cycles of the care of all these things, of which the teaching is that they have in a great.
dews came up to meet, and many made it clear to should be great. But do not make rash fcri.
HALO lack of fiderum affentiatur end Tabularumaftrono.
micarum balance. , Are fallacious, for auetorem it is not uncommon, with the fervency of & frankincense thereon:.
his eyes that had never been reported so that Dio and marked.
defeating Cæfar, Saint Viet popular in the death of nerve zofia in.
memorable battle Theodofij and Eugenij tyrants Tarrutius cele_.
berrimus the mathematical concept of Romulus, finch and the City.
There was a 50 P R O E M E N A. Oh 1000 50 i
{.
I

;.
[.
I.

Sometimes lack a fog Sunday they think the climate vtplu.
'Beautiful scene with annocædis Cæfaris time ago, and three days without me steal.
ro, but pale, but dreaded the moment and black paffions Sunday.
For several hours, but in the Church of Christ 798 for 18 days so black, Vt.
straying ships in the sea, under Lending Kal.Ianuariis repentinaca.
pick-ax, and the darkness in the circus, and with tears, and tefte Lampridio.Trebellius Pollioin.
Gallien: Gallieno & Fagftino c o s s. even amid so many disasters of war for three times.
the movement of the earth, and the dark for many days of the year, 393, or 594, dr.
ca day Pentecoftes so obfcuratus to the sun, such as the destruction imminent.
simply believed Jerome Pammachius: * Nosféimdimus EC.
Cl% am that a few men / s, in regard Pemtecoftes when obfçurato.
the sun, the Judge of all the world may come to fear that at any moment he, € 5c.
Pentecoftes Jews is always fexta Sivvan, that is, fexta from nouilunio.
ltaq; The sun is never to be deficient in pentecoftes can serve in Jewish prayer: sincere; much less.


Page 30


When the new Nifanius is Sabbatum.Tunc for pentecoftes Judas.
ca fell on a Sunday, and the confequenter pentecoften Christmas.
fìianam, as has happened in Paffione Sunday against vote Sophia.
ftare that the Passover that year Parafceuen property. So horribi.
Still less that of the sun to Jerome, he was not able to happen to fexta If the thick darkness with the dispute.
vvan, or, after He hath the sixth Sivvan, has been rich in the natural cauff to occur.
Ionum and solar, that is, the x% * £ 63maU aoxfin35 as such is not poffit.
have happened, except κομ'wig% aa, ^ fi'w.Scd velocity; potuitSol fail nouilunio.
Sivvan years, 39o, 391, 392,393, 394, 395, the anomaly wide orbit.
aduerfànte task. Why order out of the mist more.
eftille the litigation the place of Jerome says, in such a way, so as to, are highly prized & speaks thus of adfumi it is not.
poffit. Similar penalties; mist with Tertullian the shoulder% \ love.
the natural sun would in an assembly of the people of Utica, almost the extinction of the light of, adeoportentum was, v t.
FAILURE of the ordinary man can endure this hypothesis posstt in fuo / Bloodgood, 65.
home. This Tertullianus.quanquam he says hypfomateSo.
As for those & the chamber of my, I do not understand at all. We know, indeed, what fint hypfo.
formed the planets and homes, but by Sunday hypfoma hinder each other since.
mis fails, admit it frankly I do not know. Again reliance Chronograph.
loous, the beginnings of the emperors of the Romans, that after the times of the house of the Antonines ,.
vfque to Confulatum Aufonij, confusion and chaotic full effect :.
eaq5 the method of the debts, do what it can, caftiganda effects. For, out of the dif.
putationibus night, the start of Diocletian badly at the beginning Oct. serse
Tire, that was referred to, and from the infinite, in that long wandering of a man's deeds propagatoseffe, already decreed.
conftat, præfertim in the hiftoria perfecutionis.Si which Eclipfi the diagram.
as inanimate, on behalf of, or difputationem a long controuerfae of any epoch.
maintain wants to avoid cam contcxta fast again. For this.
v. ζ 2 plancYLíí p r o E 50 100 1000 E O N A.
/.
it is not entirely alone interrupt the feriem, but also his mind.
Leétoris in diuerfis diftrahere. Olympia quanque fignct sua day ,.
menfis Hyperberetaei ​​of the fifteenth day of the Olympics, when ipfa say.
Julian is also the menfis attics, who has never had menfe Olympics.
in keeping with the: and as I may forgive you in all things menfis to be added.
is, so would never have menfisCaeleftis vfurpandus, except he first praemiffis cha cha.
Raeta Zygon and Julian day, to the new Zygon operations.
For all these things are natural, Prifcorum signs of appalling civic times, is not.
and an untrue, and consequently; arbitrijnoftri. Nunquammenfem a popular fellow.
nienfium metonic the end of mense the town-hall, or a Calippico produce itself.
During holidays from auetorem noted with reference to carefully examine pm.
from the Auetore the error takes place in the marking the flue, flue from the volume of a book. How.
For the lack of lights falfo, annotate, beak above, as we have said, so, too,.
ia by means of DxO%, at any time of the day set offerings before the Characters false witness; The con.
At Rome, the Chriftiano is dipped in the stone, in which it is said to be seven Kal.Nouembris.
fexta Confulatu fertilizing effect Monday Stilichonis.ex quofcqucretur Con.
fulatum productive Stilichonis fuiffe the year of the 4o6 not 4o 5.
Consult on weekdays and Chronicle Confulare Marcellin Co.
gentle. Confulatu Stilichonis first, 2, 6 O & orb of the day Friday ,.
do not Confulatu fruitful love. It is He, I'll give credit to, the year of the first.
Toledo told me Concilij fuiffe Confulatum soon after Stilicho.
end. that is false, and in the correct place on Æra Hifpan.
ca. Eiufmodi false notes on a piece of vacation confutauit.
perfecutionis to Diocletianea that Eufebioaffutum is, as yet.
`Eufebij not affected. Now the rest of the founder of the Annals per fe, or Faftoruma.
nimaduertere can serve. No trials have learned mistrust.
Tables of ours, and all the gains are subtracted from this method. Dost protector.
to enter into the grace of not only labor, from the pofteritate so easily attained? Huiufmodi.
the work, what else shall come to pass, that, as Pliny says, if any velutitem.
the memory of the embrace of the whole of antiquity, a man's deeds ?. Auguftor & plum
But if prefer other than this didiciffe us with no good.
ftra the grace of the name of the noftrum diffimulare he is allowed to, or you may be ashamed, do not.
plagijs or theft by us poftulet. The one and only purpose to meet the parties.
to deserve well of the end of the labor of fuo pofteritate. Why dreads? Why pl.
Get outstanding undertaking? Want more before it can άλgvicz bad.
ness than true love? Do this by omnihumanitate and tartar.
behavior and dried letters? So this is not a burden Quifque detre.
And decay, fcito from the pofteritati benefit you aw.
Likewise pofteritate a great honor propofitus effects. Goodbye candy.
Leet. New Batauorum. .
CON.
l.l.?1 OMNIVM CA PITVM.
CONSPECTVS.
Q_V ae h B A 1 1 50 1 S St.
100 N 1 O N T E N T 5 R.
A 1000 1 1 50 5 P's B E R ,.
Q_V 1.
IT IS.
500 E A N N O ae Q: A B 1 50 1 1000 1 N R E.
& Hours of the day for the rest of the parts of TYE. 4 7) the period Macedomum an Alexandria.
tumnal. 48.
1) the period ßithynorum. 5o.
(The Period 1) Guelph Pythica. 5 1.
{OE period Thebanis. 54.
(Oe PeriodoSyracufàna. 56.
© period of Spartan. 57.
1) Sami & aliarumGræciæ the period.
city. 58.
Oe year fictitious Herodotus and 59.
IT IS.

Page 31

£) from the year Hegir.e. $ 13.
(The Cyclo Jews Karrar. 147.
7) out of the cyclo Teffàreskaedecaetitarum »and five.
You / iissimae Afiâ Chriflian. 15o.
7) e0ètaeteride and Teffàreskaedecaeteride.
®aßhali. 151.
f) e HekkaedecaeterideHippolyti Epifc.152.
£), the cyclo Pafhali Alexandria. 154.
7) eCyclo Pafchali 0ccidentalium, fiueLa.
fear. 156.
£) the period af halibus Theophilus, Cyril ,.
Viéiorimi / ieio T) ionyfij Exigui. 1 $ 7.
!}.
5 500 5 100 N E S S 50 1 B E R.
500 E R N A L A N o 50 5
(1) E (i) along. Oh.
£ from the rich. 9.
% Of the year. . II.
{In the lower equable Greek. zz.
T) e 08 laeteride. 2.8.
£) Menfo from Athens. ibid.
OE period Olympics. 36.
(7) the period of the attic. 4I.
{OE period Macedonjca aeftir. A7.
Q_V I.
The 08aeterideCleoftrati. 64.
(OEO & iaeteride Harpali. • "66.
£) from 0 £ laeteride Eudoxum. 69.
The list 0 £ laeteridis. 71.
7) In the magnoMetonis, fine Enmeadecae.
teridi. 71.
Π) ecycloMetonis Philip. 83.
1) the period of Callippus attic Solftitiali. 84.
(De period LunariCalippicaabautumno.91.
£) from PeriodoSyromacedomum Alexandr. 92.
(I) e PeriodoChaldæorum Alexandria. 97.
OE period Iudaeorum./lexandrea. 102.
T) from the period of the year Hipparchus and Luma.
1 ^ 1. Io8.
£) from the period of Arab Hgarenorum. , 11O.
B) from PeriodoSamaritanorum. II 4.
7) the AnnoArabicofoluto epochs Star. 118.
B) In the Iudaeorummouitio. I2I.
T) eJmmoveterum Jewish autumn.
134.
© efalfo cyclo Pafchali. 163.
£) the period Philolai Pythagoreans. 166.
{Oe mqgno J4nmo t) emocriti. 167.
(OemagnoJfimo 0emopidæ ChijAjlronomi.
168.
T) and the lunar cycle store Saxomum. 169.
T) out of the ancient Gauls, Aenne. 171.
T) from the old year 'ßomanorum. ibid.
ζ 3 Liber.
/ IL 1 B E R T E R T S 1 5 ,.
Q_V 1 S T \.
AE 500 E A N N U A B 5 1 1 50 1000 A 1 O R E.
peAnno origin. I94 Of Ammo Armenia. 2. I4.
In recent years Ζe Nabonaffìri origin. 198 PE. In the Hebrew Jabri prize.
Ζe Neuruz periodic veteran Perfarì. zo6 Hames. 22. .O.
In Vigo Σe IE & degird. Ziv E) from the cancellation of the Indies year. 2.2.4.
50 1 B E R T A R Q_V 5 S ,.
Q_V 1 E S T
500 E A S O N N 50 1 A R T A T 5 5 1 B St.
1 N T E R N A S A T 5 o R. Q_V.
P A R S P R 1 A. Φe year aegryasos ianueeu £ 1000. 283.
1) the amNo μετέμττττος Ἀλιax¤ ¢. 2.9o.
1 P A R T E R T A Saint
DE 1 through oD IT SOLARIBVS.
The Salahodai Neuruz veteran Perfarì. 293.
ON THE J4mo of the Romans, Julian. zz7.
Ωe Actium in Egypt. 236.
7) from the year Syrogræcorum and Antioch.
Iuliano. 24o. •.
E) Jeanne Fogliano JAthenienfium. 2.41. 1) the magnaperiodo C.illia. 2.96.
1) year from the Julian to the Samaritans. 243 (7) of Heleb ancient law. 297.
(Oe year t) amafçenorú prifcorì Solari. 144 (7)% from the world Oman. . . . 2.98.
1) year from the Iul.T) amafçenor.recentiorum. 245 (OE period with Dionyfiama.. 3oo.
OE Gazemfium year. ibid. Q, y A.NÊS T £; £. "E s.
{7) from 471} Julian, 10 Hiffanorum. ibid 1.vNAR T Bvs E 1000 ENDATIS.
(The Jews solar year. Ibid. Of the Tropico Perfarum flue neuro <.
1) year from the Celeffi. Gelalaeo or $ 2.61 altanæo. 3 © 3.
(Oe Parapegmata Attic. 26, 7) of the new year Celefli. 3o7.
OE Parapegmata Chaldaie. . 267 1) of cases aegqwttwvtog avxtwajxj; x.
OE Parapeg Philadelphi1) ionyfiano. 268 pueruwtwasos. 32I.
Ωeamno eaelefli Muhammedano. 27 1) the amendment Periodorâ Lunarium. 32.5.
(Parapegma Calicutienfium. 3 5 3 1 Argyri about amendment cycle Pafhalis 327.
100 5 500 S. E N A N A L St. The method correétionis Pafchalis i 4r-.
On the years improved. 272. circles. .
Deanna apogwttwvtog & ven $ egetnexìg. Ze improvement cycle Paßhalis. 332.
2.73 7`e in Nice. 337.
(1) year from the Master Adda. The Harmony 278 years. . 344.
Q N T E R V 1 5 50 1 B S ,.
Q y 1, S T.
P O R R 1 500 100 A 1 s t e e e p o 1000 P O R 5 M.
Julian de period. "Ze 359 years Sabbatier Samaritarum commem.
E) from the Jewish epoch structure of the flue private brand. 376.
'' Mo tifrum Jewish. 361 L) of Ilija destruction. ibid.
Ζe epoch structure Conftantinopolitano GST) from the Solomonic Temple conditu. 38o.
(P / Bali. "Of the 363 Encæniis Temple. 38 i
Moon initially 0lympiadi 364 2e and the first year of Iphiti.ib.
E) from the created world. 366 t) from the first finch J RBIs. 38.
70e7) iluuio. 371 @e first Thoth Nabonaffìri. 3.
E) from the Exodus Jewish people. 37. 7) from the beginning overthrown, flue Mardokempad. 394.
2. At first sabbatical year. "374 7) from exceffus Romulus 3 9 5.
 On the outset.
\.
}.

I>.
$. *.
:.

$ 7> ,. ioazzio N.áéopo / //;, 72 »;.
* Sept 1}. 397 L) of JJ, "Ce / In, 4g / ;. 443 (2> from exceeding a $ cqpt, Iechoni.e (399 did Jude 7) E ae / 4% F% mica. 445.
e ^ iozitio abuchodo, ssege, 3aby /, 2 Mitm Herod the Great 45 ,.
22is 430 Oe G / Moon ßomano. 452.
$ 7> e. ,, "", * <idjT £ /? ", ®Jedek ;. 1% © • Α * Acavus £ tor, 453.
° ** ^ inamissibil, feuvilmerój. * ° 'Deprimo ** years, haco.4 ;, *.
Aerzztio ° C); £? * Z) from the prim? G /), ßomano. 455.
-e z // en / d, amby / year out of AF. ssege, P., * 2e reflection% O / le Ac} λ, 456.
2 ^ ze / pr. 402. Z), 2% by XTO 4gu / lo correctly} o. 459 *.
e z / x / z /, Øarjfilj H0 / £% bis, ssege, £ ,. ***% ho, "J 462.
/ Irront ^ 3 ° of eliminating it; 4g / ?; B. Tiberj initially. 464.
* * O Co // pm, 10ij ßrant: • <* 7 (I did. P. Outset Catgu / e. 466.
/ Jgj. ibid.

Page 32

 ibid.
disaster er / Iruma Mirathoni, P? 2e notification, Xeroii. 468.
* Boom x.% .; ibid. Z, P (^ eroniano bottom of athletics. 469.
* Fra / entry x ,,., 1 7% 2e m; ° ie incensum ", Perfécutio.
° ° * Out Xerx ;, <* initially <frtaxerxi, Chrjfiim ", 47o.
^ O'gimam; 3. The IHI 8 Jr% done. 472.
from 5o / fiti, Melon, and. AE first year, about £% r% OMA, and the Temple / € cundo.
* Adecaeterii, eiu / Lemi, 4o9 downward. 474.
out of the piitio Za //; Ponngi% ,; . 4i GST) from the beginning cit, p. Fiinum%. 475.
exceffus out, 4rtaxerxi, Ogimi ^ »I & L), initially Pomitij, ibid..
mitio GST) ARJ Voth; 412. Z), the first 4gonis Capitol, & others; 4go.
£ 7) from the entrance, 4rtaxerxi memory and 4I3 nibur. 476.
Se Gr; ^ Less; expedition. ibid. D. played; / ecularibus, Pomitiam; 486.
Some of ptgna / t. ibid. 2e notification, Vera. 487.
! & De Leu Ri., £ GMA. 45 E) of the same and Traianl, ibid.
** traveling Alexj, Mjgni. 416 Z), 7% riumpho Ico Traja, " 488.
2e memoraj; ° thginienfi disaster, 2e herein, Hadriani.T ibid.
Sicily. # 7 22e entrance, 4ntonini @ ;. 489.
1) defeat at Geron. ibid. language, / ecularibus emperor, Jeueri 49r.
[7) eeuerfi, abAlexandro Thebu, 3®otii.i from the beginning ^ IP. Jewer; 4lexandri, ibid.
* ** to Arbel,.,. initially imperj 4 / ta z), mitio Qordimi. 492.
fict AlexanJ ,; 4 O * L) e /, ", / ecularibus. Ilippus%, Impp. j.
the period (Alippi. 4 ** 7) out of the path; IMP. ? Rob ;. 493.
2eprimoTÆ "drum Phil., Z) E EP.} 3%) ptiorum, 2ocletiam 494.
ti; 4lexandri 423 from mitio 2ocleti, 497.
T) from the first # jferiereta, 4lexandreo. 414 @ .Per / abstracts 2ocletim, 498.
3 * "AlexanJ / gods. ** 9 7) of Jia, and O / hmtim, great. 5oo.
* First year, 0aldeorum 43 1 (7), Ihdiéìioìprima 100 ,.
"The creation? Neoptolemus; Philadelphia, and the air, 7 \ eM4x ;.
_ Celefli, 1) J alentiniani from the outset.
B) from Confùlatu Aufonij.
512.
513.
(The death J alentiniani younger. Ibid.
(The ongoing Confülatu Stilichon. 5I4.
(About 1 V 1 Confulatu Honorij. 516.
(Of Rome by Alaric taken. 517.
T) from the first Jahami Armenia. ibid.
T) from the first of Muharram Hegira. 518.
BOOK.
 Q_V I.
7) the prhno Phrurdin Iezdegird Perfe, or !.
rather 0thmem An emollient, the Caliph BABY.
Loni. 52I.
1) amNo the first Conflantine Copronymus. 525.
T) from the beginning Æræ Calecutienfium. ibid.
7) the first Phrurdin Gelala. 526.
7) from the year Conflantinopoleos Muhammede.
Turkish taken. 529.
S e x t v S ,.
Oh S P O R T E R 1 C 1 100 500 E E P O P O R T E 1000 5 1000 ,.
1 500 5 N A P S A R T S T A T 5 5 1 B St.
P P O R R 1 a Rs.
Of the birthday t) wishes. 341.
© out of five Pafhatibus baptifmo, adrefed.
furreétionem. 551.
QPrimum Pafha. . 553.
According Pafeha. 555.
The third Pasch. 557.
Fourth Pafha. 558.
The fifth Pafha. 561.
} ^ I put skirmishes day Passion © O.
Minic. 562.
What they object to Jews. 566.
QRgfidua Passion 1) ominicus. 567.
_ S E P T S 1 1000 5 50 1 B E R ,.
Q_V I.
E 500 100 1000 P: O N N A T 1 = A B 50 1 5 1 S N A T o n v M.
Compvrvs annual Jews today.
Hebrew and English. When South. 626.
The Samaritans with their things of the years of a type of Chro.
mologorum Hebrew charm & teribus Samari.
Tanis. When South. 657.
Calculate annual Ecclefias Habaffenæ flue.
Æthiopicæ language Habafféna and Lu.
agaphseij. When South. 67o.
Calculate annual Ecclefie Elkupti, Exc.
rabic. 7o5.
Calculate annual Arab Ecclefias BO.
Chen. When South. 7o7.
Canon Pafehalis Hippolytus Epifcop Greece.
cc. When South. 721.
Excerpts from the account of the book of his Annals with a great Maxi.
my Greek monks. When South. 736.
IT IS.
A 50 A T E R N A L S E 500 500 5 5 B St.
Questions D an EL 1 1 s.
500 kings ßabyloniis and trapped folutione.
4lttattA. 574.
(The remaining 1) AnieL the time of Antiochus.
Checklist. 584.
(Oe week 1) Aniela. 585.
I Epochæ 1 x 1 month Mardochias and puffs.
account of the Temple and of Jerusalem. 596.
Epilogifmus week 1) Aniela. 599.
®efidua season and deprimordiis prize.
French Empire. 6o9.
'The kings of France, quorumgefla xlib.Greg.
Epifcop Turonfis cóprehenduntur. 62.4.
IT IS.
Calculate the Arabic language HegiræMohamme year.
dam.e. When South. 761.
Calculate annual bear and Armenia.
Rum in Arabic. 767.
Calculate bear Gelaleus. 77o.
Cöputus new annual Ecclefiæ Romanae.775.
(On Sunday cyclo & Epaciis folaribus flue.
concurremtibus. ibid.
T) out of the regulars of the days. 777.
A method Epaétarum Lunarium. 778.
T) from refiduo Epaélarum. 779.
{7) method terminoru Pafehalium. ibid.
Catholic season. 78o.
Epochs of the creation of the world. ibid.
T) from the Jubilee. 78z.
T) from Indiétionibus. 785.
1 O S P H E • 1. 1 o s e p h 1.
:.
1.
£.

Marcus.

+.
A 50 1 S 100. G E R L
1 5 1 50 1 1 100 AE S A R S F.
1000 N 500 E E E O N A T 1
E P O R T 1000 5 M.
51 B E R R 1 P 1000 VS.
} Durability pofteritatituetur: ijnonvula.
£ § garilaude worthy ing quitemporum system.
A ?, fines confcribere and fugitiuamantiqui.
5j5 tie withdraw its advantage. Rather than with reality.
S \ prifcis fcriptoribus such as equals.
recovered by the brilliant works of the times, noftrorum is done, dolendumtamen, either.
A holiday, quamoportebat, senior fefeadidftudiumcontuliffe, autpat.
been emboldened by ca the thing monumenta, quamab yourselves auetorem rcliéta are, to the.
"We perueniffe. In fact, that everything can be extentveterumGræcorumfcripta, those things.


Page 33

 Greeks.
For the first Olympiadum fuarum is not entirely explored, & ,.
The dolendumeft, the illorumfcriptis toward Chronologiam fpeéta.
They did this, nihilnobis præterdefiderium and then to the left. For Eufebijex.
ftant, although there are EGRAECO monumentishaufta and many men.
and is worthy of being known to us conferuarunt; is not, however, diffimulandum ,.
many things in them, to find it, do not the courts which are caftigatioribus fàtisfaciant.
Which, if Thalli, Caftoris, Phlegontis, Eratofthenes canonesexftarent ,.
perparia me, or no, rather, the reason I had a book of some who have.
funt.Apud the Romans, however, the price of the day, even in penuriameliorum nobisin ,.
cafcriptioinfeliciter Ceffer, quodeam knowledge of the heavier material is embraced desirable.
Namantas Confülatum Brutinihil certiapudillos all fabulofis: & ,.
.com propiusfpcétemus, not even to its quidemBruti Confulatum, acter.
So Regifugijfatis cxploratum have. however, as disclosed Cenfori.
blessed to Varrocollatis diuerfa ciuitatumtemporibus and intcruallarc.
 A. tcxcns, 2 1 o s e p h 1 1 50 Sc A G E R L
, brings forth the true light, and discovered a way that definitely an A.
Romans founded the City numerusiniri poffet. However, vtfuo locodifputa.
shall be and shall be no more a conftabat Varronide the beginnings of the City, which the Greeks, out of the.
annoexcidijTroiae.Namea then it is true demonftratio, which compels ,.
that is Perfuadeo. Fuperfunt the temple profane the books of the Sun, from whose springs.
Fight the calculation of the seasons were drained by poffit. But every act of the times, to know them.
slack is to nificerta epoch in their detection, the quamomnium.
the context of the times, so much of the foregoing things, which the confequentium rc.
poffit carried. For example, the meeting between the old Chriftianos fcripta.
Tatian with quostemporumnotationoncohæret, in illosne.
Hiftoricum faith that truth and reason can serve any conftare. Quodfiali.
Who facrae Hiftoriarum peritiffimus, that is, the quiinterualla geftarum B.
nobiliffimum certiffimis reasonings from that Mofe, & for the rest of the Bible, out of the temple profane the.
tearful it was nothing, however, of the illisadcertam cpocham Hiftorias Græ.
of the heavenly, or that the Roman to refer the poffit: what will be the adiumentumis from the eiufmodi.
which fell upon the diligence of her rulers with, or can serve, or ftudiofis of ancient history ?.
In fact, any one of all the cognitionisfinis to the vfum fpe & tat, qucmfiexmc.
air letters fuftuleris unpopular because omnislabor & Opcra, quæcunquc.
, for all the ftudium is spent on. Eiufmodi Iudæorumfcientia than that.
the reasoning is facrorumtemporum colligendistantum studio.
Confecutifunt and diligence as proximeà truth abeff dicipoffint: Fed.
as long as there is no or at least deprauatam of things exterarumcognitionem.
tenent, a lot of stray that fine external hiftoria fàcramtraétare AG c.
grcdiuntur. Coming to the debts, rccentiores say that today fummio.
cumfructu, facris, Greek and Roman times Hiftoriarum digeffit. |.
Twin perfume chronology of negligence and contempt ancestors |.
extinct, and was buried, every day, be disregarded with e in darkness, and of eternal oblivion.
rescue attempt. Certemeumfemperiudiciumfuit, eamremmaiore.
When laudeab those reftituta, quamabantiquis recovered fuiffe. For.
nonfolum priftino to the integrity of, restored to most things in the ratio of the times.
Run, but also longemelioraeffecerunt.Inmultistamen trial on that.
bufdam also diligentiamrequiro. velocity; enimdum but adeptifunt.
Argumentofuerint of all things, as many as have spoken of these things traétarunt, to differ one.
Fiona examples intertot thousands Chronologorum barely two deeadcm re D.
recovery. AdhuccontentionedeScptimanis how Daniel de mi.
Itius, middle, and end carumvelitantur? Tamennihil planeeorum overextended.
models, are affecuti. From the eorumleétioneincertior and indoétior sum ,.
HOW LONG. Quisvnquam their epoch in the true ExodiHebræo.
rum; one, as is pudendumeft, verumannumnatalis of the Lord 'the keen-scented.
tuseft? Here minced met, commonly vtnobis seems to be ignored and oar.
tiorumacrcconditiorum information promise! QuiscorumDanie.
'' Tis week E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. I. 3.
A lawsuit fufcepit interpret the weeks that infcitiæ fuse hiding places.
do not quæfiuerit, and the kings of the faithless man, who has never in the real world naturafuc.
are past, there has devised does it occur? Quodfit Daniel accuratiffimc legiffènt ,.
no other explanation for the business side of the native kings rogue ,.
of which they were, whom Herodotus tells us, as does Diodorus, and all the even of the Greeks they are ancient.
knows. However quonon Progreffu is dμπχασία? Berof, Metafthenes and.
nefcio whom Cato, Cassius, and Philones confulunt, quiantehos centumam.
We printed nefcio the indoor & ti & shameless are published. The Fefer.
Intemp this critical observation, police and quibustam faciligenere ,.
as a child after a fellow idle in a light quotidieimpo letters.
B NES. To which the human infcitiâ finihil of something else, this at least is it to reprove, poffit, that the.
J Metafthcnempro Megafthene pofüit.SiIofèphum Greek autStrabo.
end nor Athenaeum legiffet, it may Megafthenem deprehendiffet ,.
which Metafthenem calls. SiGræce fciffet never μεσότάn inill.
the tongue is to be found, and neither is this Compofitioni in the same manner it may be understood.
lexiffet. As igiturij refipifcant, who is hailed as the new kings of the rogue ,.


Page 34


And nefcio that other fomno a half years have Viterbienfis produce ,.
for the first time vnoverbo indicabofontem of their error, and then quimedi.
| China huicmorbo fieripoffit, then the docebo.Quod veriinueftigationc.
C reason to flee, the two find fummas Cause One thing that is old.
| the times of the civil wars, years old, menfiumformas, straightway, ye, and the kinds of igaora.
[Serving one, because Characters and the notation to the year you meet.
propofucrant, it is not the law into effect. The vtraqucquidem caufàtcmporum.
confufio generous, but diuerfa class. The former cause is unrecognized.
The year, menfis and the many noble epochs. For example.
pertains to the time of the knowledge of the civil code of the Gentiles are fulfilled. The second cause Pall.
annoOlympiadis reaching the city of Rome, now third, now fourth attribuun.
appropriately. Also Confulatus Brutus now on this, now, in that year.
Olympiadis countries. Now, in the new version as a loser.
let us enter into the pore, there are these two things, especially those in most difcutienda to us: but it was before.
Of all of the nations in the time of the civil wars of the 500: than affequi perdiffici.
le, save in sua the principles of the earlier in time, that is from his early years, in periods ,.
! menfibus his final term, days, hours and fcrupula refoluto.
For quiante this province, we are aggreffi, if only hancno.
ftrait, there are no other aggreffi, ij the fates of the time, and in its own nature.
difputarunt. However, this difputationem better translator φυσικῆς ἀκ € 9α.
from them which fell upon vindicaffèt. No one, indeed, we should spend it, so that, let us define.
effects this has been rich in the time of the Peripatetics, or that might be fecundumStoicos ,.
, or at the university. He who iftis are reflected on the definitions of the for a long time, and for this.
terminated their Chronologiae fcribcndæ the manner of a scientia alone, to him, the fate of.
2. From the words.
1.
I4. F O S P H E 1 S C A L E R 50 1
of words, indeed, but one of the things there is nothing at all defined. However, nothing.
w "3o3 &&; tranfigatur, decreuifingularum, or the least time.
ris any one of the parts of the first confpeétum to give, rather than to the defcriptionem.
i5o2x u) times the signs of appalling civic, and their method of approach. In.
cipiam things, then, according to the last term of limitation, from the day of fcilicet, and of his parts of the ,.
This is an hour and fcrupulis. From that time, if you like the efto.
500 E 1 S h o r e t. P A R T S 1 B 5
E R E 1 500 1 50 1 Q_v 1f.
E 1 and E B vs. immediately from the beginning of the day these parts are ho ra s.
we call it, in the vfu not fuiffe and the proof is there were a prifci proceeds to speak.
nes, with which the dies are not in the parts of the fecatur, but of the actions they are everyday.
end d'ftinguitur: vtcum @ 2 vtov vefperam called, namely, vtpoë.
ta says he, trying to oblige than Phoebus' horses, And what I had been earned with the yokes of the time.
defignantes afternoon they z) N3v & αης or Ζήεση5 dyoegς ,.
temporein the Comitium meeting together for fcilicet him, the men said, that the Hefiodus the gods.
cit & JR's a) ^ g ^% EUV αοῦ κεύοήες ἄγωού. This, however, by far the aliterin.
thy teachers shall be sung By the Greeks they explain it. They say a Hefiodi intellc.
xiff detricefima menfis orbit, and local guides Hefiodi effects as well.
and if dixiffet, when homincs real τετακασα Lunarca operate, and.
A.
has been rich in vfum, not a political, but has been rich in the motion of the moon. C.
However, it seems to us very strained, and mentem Hefiodi this fuiflcdi.
who uttered them: τ; suitable for very effe σκασα in matters of conduct, at the time, such as.
now belong to the right of the forum met. Homer Odyff. Z.
-Huog d 'AAI d \ 6g7Tov αύ3 dyogj% y dogma.
K2ä tov v € ίκα τολλα όκαζομζω αύ.
Fane things better interpretation of the vernacular. In this way even a little, after He hath he says ,.
jus @ ^ 3 and 7 of them, talking about vndecima, whose side defignat, cumdo.
Hua tit% to Z ". What we interpret iamadulto day. So Ho.
just a glow defignat, O (g) og% U% ajgd'dgtov Sa ^ provided. ©. But neither ;.
OEG is the fact that now, it was time for äetur However quotients.
hauling it was noted, that when they OEG d% g7re, öga out Ave. Games.
tempeftas the end, however, it was said. Keepers of the Laws of Athens :.
So 50 100 o e A s v s VP R E A T E 1000 1000 p e s t a s e s t o. Or straight.
We do expunge the 1000 P T H E S T R E P A s.quod v A abfolute 1000.
it were said, so that they are completely in Plautum.Nam in the early laws of Solon, which is why it by force.
head acquittances fcriptum was ό άλιθάπί ύ όgò åødtm Leg £%. Stoics.
CUS fcriptum with Stobaea talking about the trial of Socrates capital e.
A DJJ do5 {y fiugeáy σύ, τί τ £ and τη ἐπει, κ. T o £ £ μέγα ἐ τίτης ημέegς τω.
E> 10 N A T I am cýpan azj $ E, it ki, H A IO> t o n e 2 1
O. O N, AW & 3apa 10; q T £% y. Cenfeo the same ancient law ,.
D. E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. I. 5.
From that day nullasalias role than in the morning, afternoon and vefperam no.
rant. And thus the division Pfalmorum 50 V, comma, XT 1 1 1. Thus Homeri ,.
%), Driven Ju% fiuap. But this meant the light dies, exclufis night.
Namtotumwx% μζ € 9 Hebrews are divided into four parts, which force.
gilias City. So, when even the first was the euen of a: from the middle of the night and fruitful :.
by the morning of the third, fourth from the south. Anyway, this is what fyv ho.
defignant the hour of the day, do not notumquidem set down together: and at Danie.
applying different fignificant. Pofterü invention is a clock, and λιο.
τόττα, quibusdies through the lines and spaces were a shadow diftinguebatur ,.
Replace showed expression \ Xore, qwd for at supper time or άόδιατε, $ o.


Page 35

 Test.
tur & Epigrammatisti deHorologio.
d ôgou μόχθοις ίκωζ). αύ δ μετ 'αύτας.
3pduuaai d \ xyvg $ p & Z H © 1 λάγες ge9%. For the past.
L, H and G 1, crat, A, B, T, A, B, 5. Arab duty and the rest of the East.
the nations, not the clocks, but ,,.
  TABV la co N T A B A 5 50 100 on.
Natural morning, turning ostsn I V E R T E N 500 1f exaggerate.
ridian and vefbertini time well in fexagefimo. fimasin oftenta.
• "p • 'position Oftenta. Sexag. Sexag. Sexag. Sexag. Sexag. O / fenta. Ojfenta.
ns intervals of a day note 1) Q '. 3 "ro" O "{1" 1 O "314".
Even today, confuetudoma 'O' 6 '4o' O '|' y 9 '__ 648 "1.
net. Aftronomia own 3IELEIST Oh l 3 '| c '__ 97.
 • • • • • ' ". 2o' w r. 6".
100 is a fexagefi diuifio Day 1 - - # 4 ° l "f! .__ ''.
• O 1 O m / m.
the male protagonist, fertilizing, three times | | -77, | .] '- $..
• --- 1 Question 6 "i 864.
giving, and thus forward. 7 artificial | O '43' Zo O || 7 'again.
    ---; 7.
In the annals of fuel compiiti | * ITS6 '43' O '|| 8 'VE 432 ".
hours, points, oftenta, my | | £ j s | y | T7; 3T.

33 2O nr -.
ot, parte. It is a point | . |; -A-; c | 1o | 3 o.
 p. ur 6.
4. Etor 4o minutes.] 3c | TÆTET I; Ty e.
parts 48o. moments | 4 to 1: 1 5 'x' O '| 4o "|', T 'Y'.
17 6o. oftcntaautê are believed | t | * *. . * C '| so "[Titus.
 . 6o | y. 2o 'O' 1 '|| 6o "T3" O' '.
contrary, any other 7o | 3 5; " Zo "2 | c 't $ 6TTo.
diuifione in that refolutis. | one] TiÄTIAT 3 | c "| T54" to ".
500 East of Comp | 9c | T3T3T3 "£ ft. [7 ° °..
 •. m. mm sky.
Oh oh 'O'.
"Flatterers compendiofa ho | * | 5, 35. '% | , H-â.
1 SS 1 ft. N 2OO 2 '6 "43" I do mr t.
For the fexagefimo fetch | . '; T * | s; # °..
   ■ ω t 9 I62 G. O.
they divided, but in the io8o parts of the,; 27 '46 "4o yo' | 'O' Ti8oT '©".
18 so that the particles to be one of my | * •• a e e ao '| O "i36o. Oh".
 2O m. Am.
refpondeant doubts showtimes.] Τ * J-I. 3 ° l °, | ** ° °.
    8oo | 44 '16 "4o 4o' | O" 1 72o "O".
This diuifione today's Jews] so J *** | O Etter.
Samaritan, Arabic, with truly] icooT5T5T33 "6o'j O" 1 Io8o "O" 6 1 1 O S P H E S C A G E R i i 1
/.
East and other countries use. In the fexagefimo »A.
By contrast, this fexagefimo converted into tablets containing two po.
installment. .
E E B 1 500 500 5 St.
O Vx μεg9%, which is four hours fpatiumviginti Da.
* Nielelegantervocat if> sy quasi tell δι} ιτgéioy, initially aware of the day.
lisfumto from the eotempore the Jews' language, which is proximeSolcm occafum.
fèquitur.Nam this interval, the extent vigintiquatuorhorarum cli ,.
it is natural: in so far as it has aliudatque the beginning of something else, it is said, he began the civil ,.
Attic & Iudæisaboccafu Sunday Egyptian and Romanises mcdia night :.
Chaldeass Gencthliacis from sunrise shadow from noon start fu B.
minds. Days, observation of double or fecundumnumerum and.
order, like the first, fertile and third menfis. , or has been rich in ἐπὸνμίω ,.
These days another thing cognomines.vt menfis Perficifunt the same name.
Prifcorum kings, and the menfis Mexicans, animals or other things.
rumre, and raydμ $ μαι Egyptian fingulorum Deo.
Rum was named. Fefti and dies, so it's festival, xegiæ, from $}% λια, Quirinale.
And the result, the Allicnfis, Regifugium. ftcllis a day Scptimanæ.
Ecclcfia calls a Roman holiday. For old ecclefiaftica the start of the year.
a Passover. The Passover was a new year, also today abEccle.
fla Antioch, a Conftantinopolitano the διακαικίαιμ® '£% or <.
From the same mind. All the seven days of week by week, that of the latter was held by C.
holiday, so it is teftis Jerome & alijveteres. Hincobtinuit, so it was left.
Also called Wednesday one week, especially since.
Some of the high feptimanæ Pafchalis aufpicio & omen. Solon, however.
primusomnium τω τςιακασα ἐνυά νόaw called onto, when, previously, the broad range effet.
The first menfis. Hefiodus: IIpárván τετας τε ἐ ἐβσόμm tie fiuXg%.
Day diuifiofumma by the actions of those in a fast, nefaftos dark ,.
rcligiofos, intercifos, iuftum, as the Greeks and those <£ Y and dígyες, or, as others ,.
aiioiu and, File £ E9% §Xao egdas ^ e & êoçãoiu. , or from the equation of the annual.
time of the Sun and Moon in agoes termed huáeys, ἐπαχύς, ζωδιαίμες ,.
VA $ & τες, άμάλῖμες, ἐπάγορέμας, aííiag. IIe9êíà IP igous computer.
toribusGræcis called, which in Latin rcgulari, which Concur D.
rents, that is EpaétisSolaribus compofito they give Characters Kalen.
: A harvest or other dieimenfis. Ezra {en} are two kinds of solar and.
Shaped. SOLAR made abiectisfeptenariis cxcycloSolari the addition of fear.
terça diebifextili. Lunar produced exceffus Sunday, Quief eleventh day.
Rum, the immense golden duet, abieétis thirtieth. In addition, vtra.
rumquc Epactarum of Put method: Solarium adcharaéterem the chronicles of the :.
In this age of the moon to the moon, for example Computatores Latiniloquuntur, Vt.
"GræciD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 51 B. 2.
The Greeks, however, and Togajû0 AG ^ fin3. E% αιςίσιμον equal, that they are taken out.
mense, out of a twofold caufâ: Lunaribus or standing as the reasons for the Sun with a con.
harmonize components, such as annoyeteri Greece, and in enneadecaeteride Pafchali.
Saltus Luna said in Latin, Greek ùzyru) σελήνης.

Page 36


fefta the day of the week, such as the Jewish year. Υπίςβζι or úrágáx '% t ,.
ing which are translated from cauff religion and diffimulantur the FPU.
adjournment surface, such as the Jewish year, and once in prifci jury.
mano. The Iudaicoenim vzrsg% αάς & adjournment inftituto not.
On the second, fourth, head fexta year contracts. In the Roman prifci.
comperendinabantur market, so that you religiofis days fummoueren.
tur Auetore McSwain. Eμβόλμοι equal to that idea in a word, inftitij.
IB the day of: & were natural, or the Civil Law. Natural who fcrupulis, Sec.
Appendixes hours away, so that one end of the fourth year.
exquadrantibus Julian day of the year, the E x B 1 s t v 1000 called again.
One day in the period Arabic vndecies INTERCALARY the end Dulhagia.
thi, who is the last term of the year hagarena Muhamedici menfis. Welsh equal ,.
Besides the natural one year and the inferred that this single individual.
Marchefchvvan the end of the day in the Jewish year called fuperfluus, either.
logarithm. Etayóp $ uu, who prefer to complete fpatii anniadiiciuntur ,.
more strokes, such as five years that equable outside ordinemmen.
fiumadieétæ Egyptians called ni si, bear and Armenia vs. 1000 t E.
A A K A: Again, two of which are in attics kicked out modumanni Pofideonis.
100 appenfü, said ajagχοι ημάςαι or σεζαλετα / or xagiouu%. .
At a $ blond íuígou held in the year of the mobile. To pass between.
and the hollow between the epoch of the year, both to limit exclufis. This.
conftat of radiation in recent years, of which the head of the epoch in anteuer will never be.
tebat. Vtinamno Attic head Hecatombaeon sun never before.
ftitij old epoch ftatuebatur. And so, that is between the Solftitium, &.
propofitum Hecatombaeon between fpatij, both terminoex.
Cluf, said air) fiuägau. Obferuabatur big thing in years.
Metonis & Calippus. Again the first of the Romans, the temple profane the day of the month, the ninth ,.
Eidus: Græcorumautem Am τέττας, ἐδόμη. It is from the verfu Hefiodi.
^ Us adduéto conftat. Furthermore, the names impofita days.
500 fium fingulis, so that fuo the place will be reported. There are plenty weeks..
fubiecimus set out below. . ., • •. •, '' '. . . .
 _ A 4 Dies8 1 o s e p h 1, L. On a c e r i.
/.
The day of week Omadius OTHERWISE peaches. A.
P E R S £ 1 c. \.
Rinse, "x.a, J * | * US Iache.
; Iyvjin "and" Q "] 2 [Ru <duiemi.
- axuno "or" e | *] ** </ individual.
; Iyvjnri; ^^%> s] 4 [Castro, tzeharmi.
R-S> xwjiy & j * e] slrux. pergemim.
6, iyi§ & art] _5 'Castro, / hefmim.
; Iytj & J 7 [Castro, haphthemi.
A £ 1000 Tvrcicis gpoMapis The second planet..
500 1 Ε St.
yos and •>; "Mn \ =) JJ h.
om * Nypsus CS: S & * = | NVN ^ n ** • G & J.
r-m> i J 9. In rivin *) 8 J 9 ° C.
J & JJJ * those * cm] Anne M ° '°' J O.
Y q ^] in articles jc) JY.
R-insurer * • _ | w ^ m • JAJ key 3.
R-uz inxu "AJ | • _J * mn b>.
Curautem dies and the name of the planet does not fequunturordinem.
it has happened fiderum, of which they are with the same name, so that fcilicet poftdicmSaturni.
fequatur day is Thursday, but by Sunday, this cauffa cft. SeptemPlanc.
which flows through the ring productive to order fuum F ;.
plan, æquabiliinterualloconftituunt be.
ptemTriangula ifofcele to the periphery, which they are.
rumbafes funtlatcra Heptagonicirculo in.
fcripti that have incirculo propofitus, Ravenna.
the right to the periphery of the seven are staggering fecun 10.
During that vacation, be broken through FITA, conftituentes triangular.
la ifofcele h £ 3, 2/33, 3) ©, ®h 93% / 333)) © h o> = $.
The right angle triangles, in which BA.
um is primaftella Triangle fecundainanguloadverticem, tertiaan.
And the Angle finiftcr to the bafim: ftclla of the angle of turn upon such a degree that he has a kind of all the op.
 pofitamD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. I. 9.
A ftellam placed in the top corner, ftcllaautem ftellæ top corner.
of the angle of finiftrum is made to the bafim oppofita. Scquentur fcfe, therefore, all the fe.
part of the planet can not be broken through during the holidays, but the spaces sides.
oppofition are true. The triangle is then ®) 3 First Order.
€ goes right corner of the base. fequetur moon to oppofita invertice ;.
In the corner opposite to Mars with the Mars finiftrum bafis.qui indeed.
Triangles) 3, finiftrum base occupies a corner of the triangle 3: 3 cc.
cupabit right corner of the base, having oppofitum Mercury ,.
Mercury, Jupiter oppofitum corner finiftrum. He favorable.
make a right angle to the Triangulo3 £ II, having opposite to the VCR.
p tice adore her oppofita cli Saturn, at the corner of finiftrum. But the question is.
He again be a right angle triangle h®). And thus they are crogati be.
a part of the Planet, in the same number of days, which the Romans call it a feast unto the Ecclesia.
This is veraharum appcllationum system ,.
500 E 1000 E N S 1 B 5 S.
10 Day av £ fiuo (. * Judd, and the observation that epoch.
of the times conftituunt. First of all, αὐ; τρια and from the day it is said, Himself.
ptimana, the thing-in all of the peoples of the East from the last garde vfque.
100 vfitata old, nobisautem Europæis awaited post Chriftiani £.
•• '.
mum recovered. The decision has already been equal. Then, of the Romans, άχσοας: to whom be.
fucceffit week noftra. In fact, the market of the day, too, there were, in the ninth.
Fpatium the old Roman calendar, and it is marked by the letters.
'A to H, vtinam noftro calendar week has been marked cfr from A to G, multiplied.

Page 37

clufiue, as we speak. Mexicans τάχαράκας fcquitur. That.
We have fpatium feptenis days, three days is finished tenth. So lu.
The first day is the á íafiuaggy, öx% ημε09 of the old Romans, of Mexico.
Rum agtaxoud exorfiu £ e9y. Next, the AU, Annas days is Menfis :.
He and naturally, civil and smoke. Natural menfis & yourfcif Du.
plex. For either it was the moon, of, or at the solar. Moon again into three kinds.
ris: the moon, or in so far as his journey from the the zodiac is the same with nails, to the same thing.
returns, called the $ tae (33, again as $ anekfoneton $ © σελήη. that one.
the rampart it is less, than about twenty OOTO days': and that greater, twenty-fč.
part of it. Eiufdem according to the type of faith from the sun profeéti now.
income. This is called aύod © σελήΚ. Of the third kind, menfis is fecun.
Xai days due out qwdde called φασί, φαλά? / O and Xajxgaoi (sa fine.
According to the times of the civil wars and with the third place of the race in have the.
For Athenienfis Xao out σω'da ncomenias be less thought to day five.
fO hagarena xae ê £ 447%. Himself are under the yoke of the Grecians, for new moons, from the.
Of the moon to be thought folitis tcftis Vitruuius from the Aristarchi of Samos, and the following words ,.
Speaking £ ® 1 1 o s e p h e r i s c a 50 1.
Speaking about the moon guot menfibus under the wheel of the radio / day at a previously.
antequampraterit showing on / surgeons. And 5, when it is / 2b sun, new name.
Poftcro the day, what counts prolific prateriens $ 4 ole, V / itatio.
the outer end of a small circle. Where even the visitation.
end of the circle, which illeSamius end any doubt φαουμluoa.
Jj call. Also, Onomacritus that under nominc beams re-ero.
fcripfit, an activity in which íuíegς called onto, menfem Lunarca a iugoLu.
begins to bear. The verfusappofui.
Iiaia 'ἐθαης Martje soqeyd 3%. * EID% by AJJ%.
3vμός ἐπωνμίας μήνης Χ μόiegy dx8αα />.
JAA% %% (y di'êvi 46so] £ d \ o £ aiiaiy ,.
Oh £ τα% w @ y άχογ xvgä. μαλα γὸ χέθ 'Av.
iόμ $ μω, ως αύτη τωγάχά κλέθ 'dvTv% μ'ινός.
πδαμέρ ό ττάτωό ηματι 4) Zi) d gns ,.
puffn d] '3T' άπτάλζ DGW), J £ dl'âgyør go.
τὸν δzrap <3awυσοιτο φαῦ δίκεςων οιίαφούει.
cùràp Affi instance% W% u> € Xaiago3αγελίοιο.
zzäov eyx £ oyioiai 4V% avdga Cuini d pitching.
τετεαλ d 'owáop v and w are 7ro <%% z α λαμτdd array.
But the moon Arab exceeds the limit qoia much as 40%. So for example.
Lunar fint was not outlining of a new moon and the civil menfium kind: Attic.
* Low Xai? A: Iudaicæ faepc Xai £ Xavxeg'σεως. Arabicœ radiation Xai.
μ | sacrosanct and ς χίμα%, a third, say, a day. Menfis Sunday is a natural ,.
is defined by a circle Coeleftis fegmentis such natural, such as is the score.
fignoad fignum day full of incense. These and Llinares, there are really Coeleftis mcnfes.
Menfis ciuilisSolis is that nonnaturalibus way, but equally a tribute.
cit. for example, in the year of Egyptian and Greek are equally τεισκου $ t.
u®9 Within lunar alternately filled and hollow. inanner Mexico eixoorafiua.
e9t with the V x 1 1 1. mcnfibus their conftituatur year. With Al.
Banos March was six and thirty days, May twenty-two, Six.
ūtilis eighteen, September fedecim. August has Tufculanorum.
trigintafex restraint, October thirty-two Aricino October trigin.
tanouem. But it does not allow of the reasons, of the moon, so that menfes desirable in alternate years.
plcni continuous and hollow. but this method civic inftitu time.
then. The days of the hill from the fuperfluis menfes & ti be that there are others, who are Embolima.
are said to be: iiqueaut natural, or the Civil Law: both of them, however, to the equation is obtained.
end Sunday dire & TI. Natural Embolima ing those from the Sun exceffus col.
fpatia bed to the Moon will be completed by specialists. cuiufmodi is Jewish.
Prior month, and another Good Samaritan month. ifque menfis is always Tricce.
Surely days. A civil embolism, quiex days with fuperfluis Sunday.
furgcns fulcicndo in a hollow added. Eiufmodi terms with Merkedonius.
c.
prifciD from E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 F B. I. 1.
5.
Also acceded to the Roman altcrni & viccnum A. prifci of the year, and also a trine, and that contrariwise.
numdicrum. Eiufmodi & Pofideon Atticus. Neither Pofideon.
the natural effects can serve, even though for thirty days, since they are neither of the moon,.
effet, what of it is the new moon, far away from lurfari difcederet: Nor does he merely ,.
needs of part of the effet of that year, which to the Sun's running it is defcriptam not have been partakers.
idemdc Merkcdonio say, quincque a year to the solar system, nequead.
Of the Moon belonged to, nor of him there, those who iuftam menfi.
competence it belongs, with the effect only, xxii, xxiii, or down to the smoke of the days.
Menfis diuifio Attic in a \ xddag. First d \ XA; They μ'ι ^ ISG.
Pδρ®, creative howl) μιτάω third Howl 'φδίαν. This was carried out for.
mcnfes of those aboard were 7: axov6u £ E9. Be patient, however, ih τεμῆdδας ,.
B is not alone, because the corummcnfesomnes ττακονόμέe9t, but also because it is.

conftat the whole year and three quinariae feptuaginta. The menfe & u%.
Gioia # Athenienfis prod4 / leg. i ap $ dicebant from 7: im i ap $ A.qui.
For menfem on one day the mutilabant you want to, however, with one-third menfis.
on behalf of the fertile, they said, not seen as menfem to maim, of which the.
agaxdda counted. Melon & Callippus it was a day to prevent ,.
fyzygias that after two days and four fuccedebat. Menfium named.
na is divided into the form of the ancient hcbraic of the year were there, nor in the today '.
Nasini, Iaponenfium and Indians.

Page 38


first, fertile tcrtij said. In the Roman mist are appcl.
starting from the surnames »and order Numeraries. Some even co.
c enjoying the Roman, such as Cyprus and Kauvagei> 4225} ς ,.
AvGxeg (e / | x6 ;. Julius Romans and yourselves, Auguftus: & the times at home.
raments GermanicusproScptembri Clement proOétobri. Martin :.
Iamus leading winters 7Domitiamus M. R. 5 5 50 1 B. G.
Autumn, and c.SedStatius of A G 1 50: 1. s e p T E N T R: 1.
Κalcndas claims Domitian 1. N A N N 'O O 1000 1000 1. S v 1.
Except July and Auguftorum, 1000 P O R T E R s.P 1000 o.s A C E R O 500.
- ^ polled every grade T1. s Y N H 500 B 1. pollen s. PA
The year has, cupiuntq; decemter R A is o.A 50 vM N o. F AvsTiNA.
Memphis names. My infancy I was When his grandfather. P O R T ο 500 for example. B. IM P. M..
••••••••••••••••.
Commodiidemcófecuta effect, if R A V E 1. $ 3 ioious? O N A N T 1.
You ea ^ * »*» * • ** ns.
500 vitamóftro longer illidatafuif N o. Pie. Felicia. Avgv t o.
fet.Auguftum enimCömodum Oh r Nam being. ON THE CVRIONI But.
ScptembremHerculcum O & O 500 Ec.R. ETo.oR DINIs.ExoR children.
Inuiétum the onset of November T.AL e l e c e To.INT R.ivv £ n e s.
Exuperatorium, S. P. G. Deccmbrcm an 50 4 1 N $ 5.
Amazoniumvocaricdicit.Extat, by the side, on the right held against the:. .
also the stone Lauinij in quomen [; 500 V s. c o o 500 1000 1000 A's.
tioIduumCommodarum, YBI and, .is 1. A N o. c. Oh. s.
fiomCú.
• A 2. 1 o s e p h 1 50 1 s c a g e r 1:.
the name of Commodus and Scnatufconfulto first Deraf afterward the other Ma A.
nu incifa, 1.
 . Some nations also menfes twins have the same name.
Syro habetgeminum Tifiin year, also has a twin Co.
Art. The year hagarena double Regiab twin Giumaa.
c. Saxon twin-year Giuli, a twin Lida. But in.
Lida year embolimæo is Tergeminorum. The next year illc Diccbat.
Trilida. 1tem, said menfes diuerfa countries alike. For.
Inanner bread with Macedonia was also Corinth and Strobel.
Artemifia the Spartan general and Macedonia, Carneus Sy.
racufànis and Cyrenenfibus vfitatus. However differebantfituanni and loser.
the body said, that the fuo in place of difputabitur. It was the first of March Roman B.
fess third Albans, side, Formiae fourth Fb.
Renfe, Pelignine, Sabina fifth Falifcorum, Lauren.
as well as: fextus of Hernicans: the tenth, Aequicola. This is in gcnc.
reality from the rich. .
500 E A N N o. . . .
Max Q 1 1000 1000 V £ Muæ dierumannus, but that in many gods.
'1 & burn becomes. For while so many conftitui poffunt, quotfunt fiderum is a fraud.
Tb. "Ttius period. Eftenimannus periods of the circuit thereof, cuiuscu.
gnominis ipfeeft. So that the circuits of the civil fide C. annusSolaris eftcognominis
ris the which the circuits of two ways: in a column of smoke, or from a Solftitio to the solfa.
eration àbruma adbrumam, and eftminoranno Iuliano.aut àpunétoZo.
diacs, at the same punérum the Zodiac. Quief year older Julian. This cft.
larger 365; Day. the idpunétumZodiaci returns, whereby the avowedly well.
was. Nearly the same quantity and the sun, and attributed Vcncri MercuriQ.
Sunday is a period of days Io747. 18. 59 ". 1 3". This eftannorum.
AEgyptiorum 29 days 43 days 162 Jupiter year O 3. hour.
Rum 17. 14. Egypt, which is 2 years old. 3 5 1 year on Tuesday.
2. 24'.annorum Ægyptiorum1.321 non 686.horarum 2 days. U.
nae 29.3 days ". 5o'.8." Still, generally, vtduorum fidcrum ,.
Sun and Moon gliding heaven quiducunt year, accounting for the time D.
the bus into civic life. Indeed, one of the first and moon cycles.
proamnohabebatur as Ægyptios.deinde of three, as in cofdcm.
The Egyptians and the song. * In the end of the period of twelve lunar year.
ciuilcm conftituti days 3 54 cumtriente and pauloplusquam.
two hours is tricntum. Likewise, the twelve signs of the Zodiaque fegmenta.
they arranged that only the year of the solar system, so far as we have said. Scdigno.
ratiomotuumvtriufqucfidcris aliasatque aliasanni old version.
F .COM. .... . Birth, from 500 N 500 E 1000 E 1000 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. I. 13.
A. birth, which vctuftiffima than it is for that year running.
Defcribebat of the moon: but, for unknown on the new moons, from the things that they do not emerge on account of.
feruatione movements of the moon, such crowd rufticum obferuare folet and.
that is not properly recognized menfem conftituere poffunt. Since then.
This means an uncertain effent moon suits soon as menfesom.
ends thirty days unfolded to end the year and three days fexaginta.
conftituerent hundred. that the genus is by far the defcifcebat a modo of the year.
The moon. Thus it was with the Greeks for a long time feruata the form of the year. In the east.
feptuagefimo fecundapars of that year, which is five; day same came,.
annoGræco: vtannimodus fueritdierumtrecentorum fexagintaquin.
Β that same way in the folarife least difcedere they supposed.
Vndeduo præcipuageneraanniapud were old nequeLunaria ,.
nor the Solar,, but of any doubt at all between the race, both to bee. Prior to the form.
Greece Refeda, the other in the east. Nonvna viaad be rectified with, however, also of the Gentile.
aggreffi are the main criterion fuse. It was not easy, full of all of us to menfes.
The phases of demand and still in quibufdam aetibus civil work.
had the moon. For calculating the radiation Olympiad, and x v.
menfis that respect.

Page 39


piadcmdeprehenderet fifteen menfis, that it was not difficult. Vtautem.
XT menfis fifteen moon incidatin mcnfibus uniform, it fierinon.
can serve, except fingula after four years, each one adieétis each year.
100 days, which aj / GX & fiua € ¢¢ City. This Tetraeteris Elidenfibus.
Olympiad is called Delphi Pythias. eiufquc menfis first road.
xat was the moon, of: of the rest of the system halted. Prime Cleoftratus.
Eumannia on the Monday of the reform effort is to advanced.
O & taeteride days 29 2 2 cuiusmenfesalternis inside the cavity and, indeed years.
fingulicommunes 3 54 days embolimæi 384.communes indeed.
five embolimaeitres, syzygies and ninety nine. Oh, and measurement.
teridi vice deprehenfo, Melon enneadccaeterida on the device.
rumfolidorum 694o.CuicaftigandæperiodusCalippicafucceffitdic.
277 Rum 59, the end of the artistic principles fcrupulis appendages, annoab edition Meto.
nicacentefimo tertio.Hanc received last term, as some fecutus ,.
500 versatile for about a hundred years oétogintaoétoab epoch Calippus.
CA periodopublicatadierum 1 1 1 3 O 5, which minoreft Calippicisrationi.
on the bus alone, Metonicisautemquinq ;. Quareduæ caftigationesadhibi.
æquabiliGræco flows year. The other is connected alternating or interrupted.
menfium full and cauorum, vtcumipfà Lunacongruerent that.
Greece effect lunar year. the other cft embolifmus menfium, v t.
cumfole be on a level, which is equal to the solar year of the moon, of a minor. But other.
natioplenorum & cauorum menfium at any time make a different: and it does so either.
naturally, or any civil possessions, of the natural varictas is to start proptcrca.
O S P H E B bolifmum1 4 1 1 50 1 S C A G E R L
bolifmum, or menfis, or of the day. And both have only two full Menfo A.
continuantur.Vt a year when the Jewish INTERCALARY mcnfis month, then.
Schebar and month embolimusambofunt full. In the year of the Arabian.
When he goes on the last day of menfi that Dulhagiathi said, and then yourfcif.
Dulhagiathi and advanced Dulkaadathiambofiunt tricenumdierum.
However, in the Samaritan faepiùs continued tricenarij menfes, and in ancient times.
Jews, that the Talmud & Iad Mofis Cognofco, and menfesHarpali ,.
Metonis, & Callippus are not always equal to the alternate and uninterrupted process. but faepiùs two.
plcni continued, but never binicaui. Etiamcum that diesac.
menfi Arabian yields in the last three continuous menfesfunt plcni, Dulkaa.
Dathi, Duihagiathi and Muharam fequëtis year. Ifque year by the Arab B.
diciturm the bus. <<, hoceftembolimæus. Thus, even in the Jewish pie.
three menfes there are no continuous full tifrum, Marchefvvan, Cafleu. A civil.
variety happens in Iudaicotantú, accrefcentemenfi Marchefchvvam.
on one day, and Marchefvvan excauo becomes full. And in embolifmo again.
menfiumdifférentia situ, and time. In Situ, fiaut in the midst of, or in calcc.
intercalatio it. annoAttico menfis intercalabatur for example, in last term, that is.
© Diccbat ποσάσεὸ τςότεg. Jewish fextus menfis INTERCALARY and.
Adarprior said. The annoHagarenomenfisembolimuserat defultor.
All of menfes percurrebat years to 28 years, z, which are Enneades.
caeterides twelve. No I chose the intercalation memory.
ftrorum vtebantur Turk Cilics until the year 100 Hegira simple.
Muhamedicum vfurpare they began to be. But a year prifci domination.
Rum fitus embolifmi diuerfa far from the others. For there is between the two.
menfes interiiciebatur, as at other times folet: but in the menfem Him, as it were.
furculus infindebatur into a tree trunk. Between the 1 x 1 x 1 or X X 1 1 1 1 ,.
xx, or between 2 and X X 1 1 1 Februarijinferebatur. nor verofinecauffâ.
This enimfèmper obferuabant as Mefiti radiation effect next March.
Matt days. It was February ordinarius.at interualluminterexi.
both January and February in the first ordinarijimputabatur Merkcdo.
Nio. & Kalendis februarij ordinarij a year now embolimæo lure.
gifugium, now in terminal, incurrcbant. Neither femperin.
tcrminalis three times, and Regifugium intercalabatur that will Cenforinus. D.
· Quiahocpaéto Fcbruarius regular now twenty-eight; vnde now.
native thirty days. This, however, false witness convicted of the out of Varro.
appropriately. Tcmpore differtintercalatio, as far as Jews are nunquaminterca.
They look upon, priufquam ûzree9χη ήλιακή, who funtdiesdecemcum four hours, just a little.
more than one and twenty, bringing it readily available, so it conveniently.
menfis orbit melting poffit. The fpatium greater than ever.
three years she had never Rhinus years and in six. femperfepties years becomes.
Latin Calippico metonic year and sometimes sooner, sometimes holiday.
11ntCID E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 1000 V 50 1 1 B. 5.
A intercalabatur than $ reasoning VA oχίς ήλιαῖς poftulat seen.
More especially, since it is a guarantee Athenienfis, but the thing, do not Heca.
tombaeonis Solftitij prifci the new epoch anteuertat they are in.
Jewish year, and often end in tifrum Aequin and components autumn.
Ie, neomeniaveroNifan æquinoétium spring old fi system Julian.
of the year to be held, anteuertat. Not one good is the moon, of the kind of the Year: fed.
summa diuifio two faftigia difcedere, for years, periodic and bus.
fold. Periodic time of the year are sure that over the years the proceedings.
You embolifmorum recur.

Page 40


to define but they could not. Since Cleoftratus 29 2 2 days, Harpalus.
3934, p 292 2 Eudosso plufquam less than 392 4: Mcton otherwise ;.
And rested from diuerfa Callippus and deniq; difcedens Hipparchus had from him ,.
The fententia, but the reasons for slowness of speech, caftigatis forgive you, enneadeca.
ctcrida gazes at least Juliana ftatuit, horavna cumfcrup. shortly.
more than that of the twenty-seventh. Ipfiquidem the end of the year and simple remedy.
intercalation in priftino epoch recur, but longointeruallo ,.
Julian was 2 years old fcilicet 28, quifuit annifimplices Arabic 2 3 5 ,.
fcrupuli day-old. And in the cavity of the lunar fu.
Blow uniform. The year cauus is wrinkled, whose task §3a / 3aai; fiuäegς.
Therefore, we have αβεσιμούον% &% is called. for he thereby brings him out of the day.
or for civil inftituto, cuiufmodi year is Jewish, had a.
100 feétiuum Computatores Jews call. (QuippeCafleu in that.
Nature is full, inftituto is cauus.) or natural cauffa of mankind year.
To the nineteenth Cycli Pafchalis Dionyfius day one taketh it out with whom he wishes.
onto the path of the Moon to Greek Computatores U% μ! U) (a) \ fine ,.
however inappropriately last year enneadecaeteridis conftituit day.
rumduntaxat 353, when the nature of the year, no one becomes a eiufmodi. Surplus.
We are a year Jaäuge9%). In addition to him, fiuieg äußöXI.
puGtam excauffa civic components, such as the Jewish Marchefchvvan in nature.
three times cauus, he courted him fully: the natural than to cx cauff said, that the eleven of the year to you.
fingulis Triacontaeteride Arabic are becoming stronger in the days when people reason.
Moon are gathered together. The year equable voice by € ¢ 6μαλόν. Iudæiscompu.
500 flatterers said ordinary year. This cft, cuinihil we may add, nothing is departed all the same.
levels. Vfque this led us to the lunar year equable less.
difputatio.Nunc dealtero by equable greater difputandum, in which, mocking.
ptij duty and Armenij, Mexican, and Perufiani VFI. This ancient times.
The nations of the East, was one and the same: except those of the fiquando the wrath of the.
χάρέμω five in another locumtraduétæ, diuerfa caputcon year.
ftituebant.qua ἐποχορδρωψtralatione vtebantur ij quipoft 12 years.
æquabilesmenfem solid intercalabant that bear who is ἐπα.
χορὰς be less fempcr reiicicbant the spring equinox. limit.
But, 2. B! 16 1 O S P H E 1 S C A L E R RFC 50
they called N E R V V z. And they Menfo defültorem A || .
â βάλμοι, all menfes peruagantem years, until the first time.
menfem return. He did not back the plan, except equable year 1461.
the year, who are the years of emperor Julian the Perfeet 146o. This is a big year ,.
whose menfes are uniform, thirty, years, days, a longer fim.
fold menfis. & Tayógôpou Now there are four, five years, for example.
But they fimplices five days. That it is to the form of the year, they have been retained.
case, in its ignorance of the year, not so much the Fola cauff was, how easy, & tra.
 & Ignorant and really vfus its popularity. Otherwise, there is no ferc nation states, which are.
Solaris did not know a quarter of the year, but the method that difpenfándi.
nefciebant. Moreover, a menfibus fuperfluis, who are the ancestors for three hundred.
days, that he retreated a little, of whom I neceffe is to be retained, a fourth of that time, this was stipulated, B}.
JEgyptijfingulis every four years on the rising demand of the day intercalabant CA.
Niculae and four years. it exaete% ^% Jaxòv, I% $ εά, δός.
xuvxbv, was used instead. Attics day every fourth year to a demand intercom.
waver between feptimum and mounts a day lanuarij. Among Elidenfes.
mounts, and the ninth of July. Syromacedonum, the Chaldeans and Jews and prosecuted.
feptimum and climbed Octobris. And that day intercalation a SC.
Constantini place it below the net, at the commandment of the times of vfque Leucidius.
nueruntIudæi: Calippici of the year, which together with the form of a flexible or is at any rate.
Syromacedonum wounds received. Athens was the Roman of lees of winter.
life of faith and to intercalabant, which ipfis Olympiadum myfteria's call.
whims. & The rest of the solar system in the year of all the Greeks of Atticus' For, & c t.
four quadrants divided, which κάτεα calling each dies 91.
Her 7; attribute. as a temporibusSeleucidarum, adhanc vfc¿ ;.
Day Jews conftanter obferuare. So there were eight July 7: oToa Sac.
vo, vu Octobris ijMuseia άτωή VII of January τεοπα) χάμεωα) var.
April we go / b. §224fi. Why, when the τεοτdς $ εe / ydg and χάμέe / VDG ,.
should sustain no other, understand, in addition to these. The LE & ianuse / AV of Intel.
and accept. This πάτα Jews Tekuphoth call. Gcrmanis Celts ,.
Saxons between twenty and xxv1 Decembrisintercalabant, which lays.
call 1000 500 V E L A N C H T. Tartar between the last day of January ,.
And the first of February. the first national fermonc fest roster.
• Rum call for white Veftré cam day practices. Finally, although D.
Lunar year, or aliolonge diuerfa putting a balcony, still silent.
Oh quadamobfèruatione poftdies 146 a day to stop cffet.
"Fentiebant. For it is not to protect the other way, the Hebrews are the four Tekuphas be less true.
• potuiffet, except quarter after quarter and quemq5 annumrationibus.
giving up. And Fane vnàquæq; Tekupha dierü than 91 hours, 7; And so.
Tekuphæ made only four days 365. Difplicuit, however, this wherein you stand.


Page 41


 tilcmD from E 1000 E N T E P O R T A 500 V 1000 51 B. I. 1%.
A tilcm & pucrilem that Sunday quantitative reasoning driving to the moon.
They did this, and cumvtriufquc Fideris demand of motion is still no arrest ,.
Solares arguments Monday from the comparison even more. And so, so much.
cenfuerunt Sunday quantity in an fummam day period.
We periods diftributæ relinqucbant. Metonis is a period of days.
694o. Diuifa the age of 19 years the amount of leave me alone.
365 days' furious fcrup. release 1 5; Callippus pcriodus days.
59 through 76 years, 277 years diuifa leave the Calippici Sa.
of the hearth of days, 365;. what is the year nofter Digest. Other Pcriodus.
Parchi of days equal to 1 1 Io3 5, 3 years old oh 4. But those neglectus 4 ,.
So, part of a day is subtracted from the quantity of the years of Calippici trecentefimi
Blart, as is done, and the year of the solar Hipparchcus the chronicles of the 365. hor. 5. ;;?.
1 5. "Dctraétis quarter hour. Oh. 4. 44." ; which was the fen.
Ptolomees decision. So whether the fententia Hipparchus and Ptolemy.
less figuratively cli year Digest or Calippicus nineteenth match.
c difference cnneadecaeteridis Moon, and Julian was reduced Who.
The year is true, Rabbi Adam dc more elsewhere. Philolai Pythagoreans MA.
amb year 5o 21 days 5 through 59 years diuifa conftituit no.
While Solarcm days magnusdierum 21 5 57 365 OENOPIDES year.
Likewise, in the 59 years since diuifa datmodum anniSolarisdierum 3 6 5.
dierumduum the twenty vndefexagefima. Harpalioétaeteride through.
8 years diuifàremanct mode anniSolaris 365 days; .Annusma.
100 5o 299 days amb Democritus, for 82 years diuifa relinquitan.
numSolarcm 365 days, with a fourth and ccntefima fexagefimo.
a quarter of a day. Did not so regard, finally, no one of the old system.
ends Sunday at the Moon exact cffet. The quotiefcunque of certain col.
le & lation of the chronicles of the vtriufq5 reasonableness of the faith will be congruent with, those days shall be by means of so many.
diuifa years, how many ex conftitui could be summa days, there are vifi.
To define the degree of certainty of their anniSolaris poffe. The wiser, however ,.
although he will incomprehenfibilem that exiftimarét, I call on behalf of the truth that is.
they are thought to have embraced the next day treccntos fexaginta five.
with the quadrant, then the mode of the year of Julian, who cft. to whom fingulis quadrien.
One dies accrcfcit demand of money. but this year, compared Aegy.
500 cft Magick alone comparison Tropicieftaequabilis. The major.
there is a real reason fcrup year. 2 hours. 6. "4o." productive.
Gclalaeam form, either: 1. 48. "FERC as Alfonfini possible. Do not.
Prutenica the first tables, which a lot of the Greeke names, the movement of the things that conftituunt.
Aequin and the sun is equal to 365 days' Sex ratio. 5. 49. 1 5. "46.".
And so, on this side, a number of kinds of the year, the Sun's nafci poffunt. Smooth.
Us, for example, Julian. Tropics, for example Perfarum Gelalæus. Again tropics.
, or the equable, or forgive you, Aequabilis the tropics, and the amount of.
 R 3 Tropi.
\ O s e p h l8 1 1 1 50 S C A G E R 1.
Tropical cft, the parties, that is mcnfes and equal civil, that is, A.
of whom I spoke just now, Gelalaeus. Defcriptam is equal to menfibus.
the bus, omnibustricenumdierum with epagomenis appendices of the.
In general there are five years in embolimaeo sex. Knoweth Tro.
A woodpecker, the parts of which the zodiac is fegmenta been granted to funt.Rurfus unnatural.
The year is divided and Sunday along a civic and forgive you can serve. A civil ,.
so that Julian was of the Romans, Syrogræcorum, of the Greeks Elkupti. Heave.
ftis as Dionyfianus Ptolemœi Philadelphia. for saying it quoquequa.
drantem four-star exaóto houses. The end of truth.
Every period is equal to that head back, and runs on the same principal.
pious and ἐποχω Greeks call that has gone to Peffer tan.
give, I do not fèruata of the truth of the year of the Tropic of menfura. Since the year Julian B.
preserve could be broken through, manifefta is the first of January, from 1 V 1 1.
on the part of Capricorn, in which the ftatuerat them unto Cæsar, the first in the vicefimum.
in Enneads acquittances of ejse hodie.Sed they would have found almost every historical epoch.
caetcride feruari can serve. For enneadccaeteris Tropica is moving with greater velocity.
Plufquam lunar hours of those two tribes. Enneadecaeteris against Julian.
Moon Moment bigger and fcrup. plufquam 2 to 6. When failures.
both kinds of reason, Tropics & Juliana, and the moon, of which the types of mediæfunt.
between those two, can not be to protect the ends of the fuse are clear: If only cycloDiony.
fj; Pafchali occurred to him, of whom neither the reasons for the enneadecaeteridaLuna.
no collections are the matter, the movement of the caftigatis nequecpocha DESTROY: but his.
the form of the whole, rather than a merely Calippica. such a degree that his ftatum pofttrecentos C.
4.Anno vary neceffe fit.Quare epochas may be less feruarentilliveteres ,.
immanesperiodos considering what kind of Callippus, Philolaos, De.
mocriti, OENOPIDES. There are also periods which omnemmodum immemorial.
together. And when all those worlds best years.
vtriufque principles have tamennefcio that trusting them.
inceffebat opinion, it is not alone vtriufque of the Faith, but even of all.
CIA / Woj Xaoxatdsaaiy it around it. So Harpalus of labor and Pu.
sua en masse Octacteride all αία% λας & δυσάς in the world.


Page 42


xed fuum fecutus that the device eamplanetarum and in the sphere fuse.
crrantium the harmony of the celestial bodies that oftendit in their effects, as fequente D.
Reftitution vtriufque of the Faith, and of all the necessary for that of the fixed reality.
diturn contact conclusive. Because many spheres dgg® county.
stantial, is, as many as Aristotle tells us the book of the XI άγμ %% φυσικα whom he wishes.
Consult certain admittedly. Moreover, even Callippus other disc beside Eudoxum.
added for the same reason as Xaoxatdsaov £ $% 4ayoμ μων adftrueret, @ 4aJ.
Popa to μάλα τι; λτάσσω as Ariftotelesde ca refcribenspronunciauit.
Therefore it?) 44yoμάμων nominc understanding rise and the West ô.
DZ dwówD ^ E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. I. I9.
A D * * * Oh, it does not have ά π ^ ωτά Σ τας ἐπισημασίως, that is fignifi.
].
cationeseorum: quasin orbemredire of the moon and the sun on Enneades.
caeteridc Meto, indeed, Callippus and HIPPARCHUS speakers and others.
persuaded, however, of the year of the Tropic of deprehenfo little measure, until the vice.
caftigatis than these periods. Cicero of the term.
This parable, fexto of the republic, the year that a savage beast, who was one of so many mil.
, thrives in annorumfimplicium he puts them, in no other way into the world, he would return.
cumomnibus errant & inerrantibus cenfeo than if the same occur.
And the action of the sun in the same place, the same time it happens, though defeétiones.
the cycle of enneadecacterico they had met it is not uncommon. Rather, it Eclipfi control.
nontantum Sun and Moon, but also for the same five planets.
Β interfēcit comparison confeetus omniumfpatiis return it arises.
eademcæli pofitio, fiderumque, which was at best was rurfusexi.
ftit. Quarceclipfes shades, branded the former, also ex ^ erììxd ;.
With zeal and excogitarint. J% ^ / Yu & City. Vetuftiffimus of them.
the chronicles of the 6 585;, 18, who are the years of the Arabic language, fyzygiæ 7. in the genus of true God.
fyzygiae z equal to 2 3.Quamobrem fecundolibro Plinijperperam law.
fault to its vtter be fine, fine librarij, lack of light guides them.
twenty two menfibus return. Hipparchus and other long λχμον%.
ge greater device on days 1 2 6o O7, fyzygiarum 4 2 67 years.
Rum Arabicorum.355cum fyzygiis7, old Iulian 344c.
days; 61. What are tolerable period. For a cauff natural ,.
100 is a defeétionibus lights proficifcuntur. how.
Even enneadecaeteris orbit and CyclusSolis whom they are attracted.
Reftituit only this week the sun. And in addition, a period in Mexico.
rumconftans 52 years, which reftituit tlu) τ: ιακαιδεκαήμέe9, which is yourselves.
noftru know each week. Nor is the period of was a great perfum.
Rum store, quamSalchodai City. There are also other, but Welsh and in.
Dieties, other unmanned conieéturisinfiftunt as Dodecacteris Chaldaica.
Discourse, as Heraclitus, Lawrence, beams Dion and the Magi :.
the period of whose is to the movement of oétauae fphaeram Compofita-year-old.
36oooo since the world as equal to everybody else. of which here is-year-old.
centieso portion and a fourth millefimus, fèxcentefimus nonagefimus guar.
500 sacrificed. Sedlonge illaSinarum prodigiofior Next to Christmas this year.
FTI 1594. EFTA conditu rerums & tingenties oétagies quarter millcfimus ,.
feptingentefimus feptuagefimus third. Immolated to Iaponen.
fiumperiodus elderly 47o years since 1561, the year of Christ and 1 562.
he began to fequens. This is eiufque VICEF running. Fcelera her turn.
cxtirpatum will be: All things being reduced, the believe would be the rest of your time. I say nothing.
diucrfas Chriftianorum, of the Jews, the Samaritans, nor as already built in reality.
Rum opinionem item Roman luftrum five years, the sediments.
4 lumccn2 o B o s e p h 1 1 1 50 S C A G E R L
Heaven hundred and ten. There are also counting periods, like the Jewish A.
69i6 years, which conftat lunar cycle 364, 47 Paseo 2 »PC.
riod of great Dionyfianis 15. Habctque so many cyclorum feptimanas ,.
How many days a year are feptimanæ solar system many periods Dionyf.
s unique form, how many menfes, and the year cmbolimaeus: cyclosSolares so many, how many cycles.
ILunares large Jewish cycle. And so, elegantiffima is, and the artificial, or.
ciofiffima. eiufq; This agiturannus 53 54, Christi published in 1594.
Annuseiufdem 1595 and ended last summer, which is why all those Epilos.
gifmi Jewish moons. The period Dionyfiana & ipfa ad.
annalem calculation belongs years conftans 53 2, fefe duet in both cases.
that cycle. True periods meet the head of the year.
First vtriufque cycle, pertinetque Mcthodum the moon and the sun. And B.
only on these, has a place in the year of Julian, hoceftin I, to whom, except the 365.
Day attributed the quarter. So the starting point is a kal. January on.
Romano year, a year Conftantinopolitano a kal. September. in.
Antiochine a kal. Octobris. In Alexandria, and by the Samaritan. d.
1 1 1 1. Kai. West. Dionyfijpertinet, however, the period is referred to the method.
Pafchalis moon, beginning fumtibus the first year of birth of Christ, Vt.
And He is expected again on Sunday Giuliano year cycle, and on.
ca is the new moon, on the fourteenth of which it dies the next, after He hath xxi, or in the XXII.
March illness. Haetenus a minimum beginnings to the smoke of time.
Rum growth than όμέσα χέδύων Greeks chronologer.
refute, and we placed him on confpectu all of antiquity.


Page 43


properties locations detail. Refumamus Then called he them years ago, from which so much.
which elemcntis, to see so many different kinds of years old and so diuerfa Progreffu.
is carried out. Since the Greek, which is smaller than the equable, all year Lu.
the forms of the nose like race spread effects we have seen: that out of the Egyptian idol, who is the fate of.
bile is greater than, all of the solar system. It then confufe and faturam through this.
treated as, the Fed fuo for every green & in place and order. The four books.
to explain the four kinds of the year íumma dccreuimus. It will be first out.
æquabiliminore year. In that enimomnis Greece, vfat diucrfis ge.
roads, which are abundant in the earth natione and 7roA / Täaj. Therefore.
it will be the other part of this book. According to the place of which fell upon claims for the year.
Moon, because exillo deriuatus.Tertius free compleétetur the prior year.
the majority of uniform forms, ihöτήας and diffèrentias.Quartus of that year.
perfequetur ramifications and branches, namely diucrfa anniSolarisgenc.
m & changes. This is a part of the first, had at the outset of this diatribe.
Chronology Promife, season of the year and the civil gencium.
wounds. The other part of it is out of the charaeter, who neceffaria is notandistem.
ejection intervals, which fequentes books tra & Tables, also diuerfis.
computis.
, From 500 N 500 E 1000 E 1000 E P O R T A T. V 1000 Li B. I. 2t.
• R.
A computer countries yearlings, of which the book fingularem the storms.
ccmoperis will be added, it is not added as an appendix, fedpartem one number.
work noftra. Who, then, is made vfus charaéteris of the times, teaches that we are.
Dionyfius out of Ephorus, who, when they excidij snatched from the year of the Olympic Games.
not so long as to mark the epoch of the poffet, cumis Cafus a number of feculis, in more ancient.
comes first is said to accidiffe in the Attic, the twenty.
zἐιίίω ημάςαι year left. Experts at Athens Fúbol year.
but, this year it happened. I knew how often and how.
to be poffet period of years. Take for example: Ephors, or Dionyfij.
We will charaeter design with the intention difficult for those leaving.
ftitutus quæfitum hand to the source country. It will be the first time.
Julian was a year of the foundation of the whole inftitut noftri B, which we make pretense is.
/.
Many thousands of years before fuiffe. Characters, however, those two employ an attorney.
mouse, cycle of the moon Dionyfianum, its eftannus XT 1 1 1 & CY.
clum Sunday Julian, whose 7 running this year. The third well ,.
where the ratio of the time that he will suffer, Indiétiones not afpernabimur. For.
Characters that do the once to use inftiterint, those of them, which is done conftantia, and if.
des of the method that the fairest in the ratio of the times, expericntur. If.
Who is this year Christi 1594 knowing how old it is nevertheless useful.
be greater, forty nine years old, and less quinquagin.
ta sex fciat, it resembles the Greek impcritiam Chronologorum that.
circiterillius, and that it 's time, and it accidiffe say whether.
w Cnum verocertum does not define it. But when I was born be the same to this it adds No.
end Augufti, on Thursday, it increases Characters certain and undoubted.
as well as, there are twenty-aêvfiaj fiuígou such as Ephors. For the fifth day of the week can not.
was able to come into contact to the fifth of Augusti, nificum the letter is C. The Sunday
Before the age of 49 what happened in 154o, the cycle of Sunday no.
no. And so, we affirm that this charaéterifmo conftantiffime him annoho.
see a man, the child, and those nearest to him, on the fifth of Augusti Julian quinquagefi.
The fifth birthday mum calls. Vfus the lunar cycle, the same observation.
ta Caftigationes that the first is the year of 14oo, so.
apply the new day, whenever they find 3 O4 years. Example.
This first is eftannus 37 O 2. In the years feptics things.
500 numbers are lost 3 O 4, the day of the seven-day moons visited.
I diuretic. Vcrbigratia first year of the cycle, the EPA and the flows are XI. nouilunia.
March XVIII. the added. days, nouilunia or rather conjunction.
luminariumerat in XXV. Martijanno the first and fourth Olympics.
the same, the same, or, on the fifteenth after the first Olympiad, & of.
began with 3o4 years. This Scdab tartar noftro 1 5o years after me.
Nuendo eruntneomeniæ the same number of diebus, as often as 3 o4 of the year that found favor.
be poftannum Christi 17 Q Oh, and fortaffe faster. But since no Epo.
Can.
/ 2 2 1 1 e p h o s s c a 50 1 G E R L
Can we have the old Olympiadum notify it because A.
In comparison with the newness of the effect seems to be with the vetuftatis: of iniquity; eruntcha.
Cycle & ractcres claim, unless a certain remotiffima Epo.
Cha start of season inftituantur. Then devise a period ,.
and that both tasks cycle, and Indiátionem contained what happens, if the PE.
Rio de Dionyfij Exiguus, fifteen times to multiply the one who will be saved; of the year.
7 98 a. Thus, the period of the cycle, that quarter shall be from the annoprimotum vtriufquc ,.
Then Indictionis Hence from eiufdem grade year definitin last.
vtriufque cycle, and Indiétionis. But the year of Christ, as is commonly thought ,.
3 2 67 definetin vtriufque the last cycle, and Indiétionis. Ergodedu.
And tie; O 2 67 out of 798 years left before the epoch of the year vernacular p.
Church of Christ, namely, as 471 3. So of Chrift and 4714 is made primusannus common cy.
cloSolisx, Luna 2, Indiétionis 4, a Kal.Ianuarij although & Indiétio.
ahtecedenti last summer, but LunæMartiofequenti cycle.


Page 44

 Why annusifte that people think exerrore 1 594 cft 63 O7.
of this period, which we call the Juliana, which is writing to Juliana annif.
Appropriate tax fit.Ideo 3o7 diuifis 6 through 28 through 19, 1 through 5, spend.
6-year this year; O7 periods of Julian, or vulgarisChrifti 1594.cy.
clum Sunday feptimum a kal. January: Luna and So was a decimumo.
March: King Indictionis feptimum Cæfarianæ quidemabante d.
V 1 1 1 Kai. 63 October of the preceding year O6: Pontificiae of IVth C.
January 65 annipropofiti push o 7. Nonprædicabo have huiufce PC.
Rio: Chronologi & Aftrologia that all ἐπιςημονικός difputatur vol.
are not willing, do not poterunteam of fate, and to praise. Those who would like eclipfes exTabulis.
Prutenicis believe that they will carry with Julian exanno stages 2 and 498.
When rcfiduototo excerpanttempora epoch diluuij. For example, Echt.
pfis orbit happened on September Olympiadic 446 quieftan.
4. 383. derive less periods of Julian 2 4o8, there remain 197 5. excerpt.
19oo the first epoch Diluuij, then 7 5, exfiloannorum expanfa.
Rum. And last menfes vfque to September. And so on that from me.
thodo Prutenica. Who place the all arise from the calculation of times, pick you up.
's wishes should be used in this period, the end of which I have never ccrtiin notation D.
her rulers with the times, not to be able to.
D. E A N N o "e Q_V i, B 50 1
 1000 i n o r e c o r G r ae v M.
100, 1000 certain store, for example, Macrobius & Solinug, year Gentile.
rum, wine or Lunar fuiffe discover, nor alone in it.
haerefibus, she learned of Theodore Gaza, but also vetuftiffimum.
fcriptorem Herodotumopinionis fuae tcftemadhibcat: equidcm it is not.
'TCmCIC.
* 500 E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. B. I. V 1000 50 1 2 3.
A random effects from its authoritative difcedendum cenfuiffem feathers, save a man '.
clariffimi end, atquc vtriufque talk of defeat, the remanifefta.
erraffe deprehendiffem child. It may therefore prove menfes Gentile.
Lunar juice and other more fully set hollows fuiffe, these words from the odes.
to produce ἐ ἐ ἐσομήκον area a € 9 * ς αὐ @ $ p & T® aegotijnu. $%.
άς ἐνιαυ% to oujxoy% 7rap £ X ') iuáey; bnxooia * $ T & Y% X% λίας ἀ.
2) auveia3, £ v £ ολίμε μlwός μὴ γούμε. Let us see whether real fitfummi.
fententia men, and the vicefies five thousand acducentos the seventh.
About forty years ago to share. Their mode of one year, three days fexa.
protection. It is quite absurd, therefore, defines the year, Of ​​the Moon, of which the menfes am.
B gels were solid. For twelve menfes all τ; σκονδημόςες.
year of the habuiffe, it reveals a Herodotus tells us, does not, as he wishes to Himself, in alternate years, full of.
& Cauo. But since the solutions of Gaza has been fententia, it was strange, it is not the content.
fuiffe man, one of Herodotus testimony to be produxiffe ,.
in place of Aristotelis charge of one of the books of the great &% y i5o2i26 unless beyond the injury.
exiftimationi fuse wisely. His letter says Aristotle the place which the ipfe.
Gaza also takes the place átaúxùy tix% vol τόμῖον μός & yiov £, £ r £ y.
$ Μάegς ἐάσομήκον%% d \ Jo. But the same thing in the iifdem ibrir Aristotle: κύει δ.
$ P & jAaxouxìàx% μός & 3άιω8. Fiuigauíá $ ed $ i, o (. En five times.
50 X X 1 1 is the year of the solid Greece, that is the same number of days ,.
she has already pofuere out not only with Herodotus, that is to say c c c Lx. Is the same as Cleo.
100 issue a riddle sing because exipfo in Gaza confeffiones exprefferit.Id eiuf.
like it is.
ej; 6 zrjg. παῖδες δόύδόσια. έγό άματα.
Iiou% ς τύποχα δαί} μα άσ% ayav.
At μὰ λόκα) ίαου ίάζύ. AJ di aJre μάλαμω.
Afiaj *% d% tο άστυλοφσύνθεον άπασω. .
Is an enigma, but eiufmodi, that the child or co augurs year.
Greece habuiffe menfes 7: rock / 3nuág and £ all. But clearly, Ph.
genius and end at any dark * No, I think not many ftatuas gods.
eatas than 7Demetrio Phalereo Athens. They are, indeed c c x ftatuam $ 50.
in reality, quasmox and mauled, mondum of ammo this number of days, a larger margin.
500 tooth. Of which place to give poffunt ,. Pliniani on Varro, an interpreter,
quiapud a scab or fcribit Demetrius, to the Phalerum so many ftatuasadcptum.
fuiffe how Lucci has Abfolutus year. Why limit years Greeks.
c c days to be. It is not, therefore, was the moon, of. Lartius of Solon.
fcribit: Κατά τε τάς A £ 'wai8% tος ημάeg, x3, the * ^%' ω αγ {y. Ergotempo.
Solon was the year when Greeks bodies of the moon. If diodorus.
SUMMARY anus. 331 â4naa to oixido Geox ttyás íoegxáα τί νεμ'uig.
Zia uira Vux% eiqiöy%. And under. i4nos aego; ? É ¢ € ^ ήης φάζω2gxáu.
How poteratcffcrepJuia, & mcdia the night the moon luccrc? Ergomen.
  Fès non2 4 1 1 e p h o s s c a 50 1 G E R L
fesnon were shaped. Alioquifiannus Lunarisfuiffet, quomodocon A.
ftaret this, that they fcribit Plutarch, fcilicet defeétionem Of the Moon, that is.
præceffit defeat PerfàrumadGaugamcla, incidiffe and at no time myfti.
Athens low, that is ÄÇ cIXA? by Gond} ομιόος? For fivicefima Boe.
dromionis confeétumeft moon, fàncfexta, hoceft άτη% ajēbant ,.
the nouilunia. It is not, therefore, was he that the moon, of Boedromion. IdemPlu.
tarchos Camillus fcribit, victoriam AthenienfiumadNaxum leadership.
Chabris contigiffe ssono} ομόθ easily 43io;% and πασελής. Therefore.
The twelfth Boedromion was nouilunia. Thucydidesait cclipfim.
X% of the contigiffe yεμ'wig exfilu. Therefore, it was kind of veuluia μάχ%.
wg ^ fiw'w.

Page 45


First nouilunia enncadecaeteridis fuse ftatuiffe Σxjjo4oe /.) G).
agioxoud benefit humankind, as he openly neomeniaillius Scirrhophorionis not have been.
ILunaris. Year of the igiturGræcorum Lunaribus menfibus defcriptam it is not.
was, quodputauit for Gaza, neither c c c 54 nowadays, as annusverus Lu.
the nose, but c c LX bare minimum, so iamprobauimus. There was minor.
that year, he modusSolaridiebusquinque solid with the quadrant, then the greatest of all.
Moon again for five days, with nearly a third. However ccrtis loser.
the pore epochisalligatos fuiffe, nor does he rashly inanterioracuagari shaped incision.
tos and the proof is, that the same menfes of radiation almost aeftir.
There were so Hecatombaeon, Metagitnionem, Boedromion; the same also.
radiation equinox Munychion, Thargelion, Scirrhophorion. The same applies for.
cenfendum others. From Aristotle in the charger and Theophrastus.
conuerfione of the year attributed to Him, fuiffe certain menfibus be less true, as tgorg; $ E.
EWD; Hecatombaeon: záuse / thereto; Pofideoni. That there is no ficret, nifivni.
præfidio co intercalation and moreover a specific year period. PE.
riod we call it fast for this business, by means of which rationesSolis.
And Moon bear, and which, so to speak, for each page, makes bones in.
Calippica phase of sun and Lunaribus equal. Autfane.
ca is the period, which has nothing of the rest of the deratiuncula also the law: for example, in the aspect of.
bifexti takes place. In fact, at that time nothing is left out of the farthings of the day. A.
ptereaquadriennium bifextiIulianicft period that reason alone. What.
however, the Greeks and cuiufmodi period, and how old ,.
has been fcire it may be proper, if, indeed, I will resolve this præftantiffimae of the thing.
doétrinamconfequivolumus. And if the fanci fuitperiodus that year.
Graecifinestueretur, why do some fuiffe necessary for ftatuendum.
is, was, or Tetraeteris, such as Olympica, or none is. For what is the reason.
Olympick quadriennij it, if it nullatemporumXaoxatdsaosfie.
of appeal, I do not see præfertim, that year is called GræcorumSolaris not have been partakers with the ,.
nor in the quadriennijlegem would be driven to, nifiita reason of the periodicità.
poftulantc pores. But the beginning and the head of the Olympiad confidcremus.
~. FacilcD from E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 LIB. I 2 5.
A finemaffequemur easily. Its menfisprimus had a nouiluniumve.
fess and the fifteenth eiufdem, confeetus moon, Olympicumlu.
peragcbatur days'. It teaches us Pindar in Olympic :.
___ IO $ duT).
IIørgi po ßøμῦ αχόάτων.
Aιχόμως όλον ένταςμα19.
Ezváegς όφθαλμόν ωτάφλεζε μῆσι ,.
There fcholion old go and τῆ παστελλω ό όλυμπακὸς ἀγὸ ἀγέ), ἀτά άx.
xgjd% xdTM * (k fig DYI) xeioi ;. And in the same work: a DI a ws29, 34 s.
£ y & Aid \ ® Cexajz $ iegrów póς. The head of the first openly declares menfis.
Olympiadic into the truth of nouilunia to be guilty of times, and from all the menfi.
B bus, which agiaxoy9nu # 3 & fuiffe have already set a single first right.
Lunar fuiffe. And any other offspring: Llinares cffet no potuiffe, it is clear to pass, when he had to.
pleniomnes, indeed, they have been: & caui.In: Llinares, however, they are full of desirable in alternate years.
ueftiganda the system and method, by V x 50 1 1 1 menfibus mad.
military, quiomnes fully appropriate, of caputquadragefiminoniin nouilunia.
Incidence. This may be understood more clearly, so proponemusexemplum starvation.
liare account debts, as the crowd talking. Hocfæculo in annoIuliano.
nouilunia during a XIX of July in the year of the lunar cycle fexto.Annove.
ro eiufdem cycle x nouilunia results that on the fifth day of July, after four.
exaetor A prioreillo nouilunio of the year. The year of the Greek language.
conftabat; Oh 6 days only, anniquatuor erunttantum 144o.
100 days. Primusannus then begin a new Moon, which fell into the XIX ,.
July, on the first cycle of the sun, for example, x xv with version Sunday.
eftDSane quintus incipietàxxvIII June issue, on fextus, cyclosorum.
the first issue, while the Sunday version is 144o F. For a day for seven diuifa ,.
feriamquintam leave, which was on the first primianni Compofita.
it shall I make for the sixth, Characters of the year of the fifth, vtdiximus, in xxviii Iu.
Nij. Water returning to the day of July, where it is nouilunia pofterius, space protector.
seven days who fàneadiiciendi funtad 14.4 days, and so Tetraeteris Greek ,.
flue Olympic days 1447.Quid then it will be done for the seven days.
idle? whether the outgoing Tetraeteridis intercalabuntur? Minime.Sedcondi.
Tetraeteridis Græcæduos for days on end annorumfingulorumappen.
500 left say that for four years, O & outside numerummenfium to attend.
were tetracteridem and the phases conciliabant.Sedtamen.
His days he passed in the tetracteride adic & Titij Attica, they were not idle. A ten.
Three attic, making φυλαι called most of whom ® Ta% xdoIo ;.
every year in the announcement, the Duke of Somerset, and rushes on that tribu.Sin and fifty, that is to say.
round about five hundred by fifty of them, however, decide individually upon the day sleeping soundly.
they ruled in such a way that íumma matter had come to them, to be brought down. So it was, so that in every.
fifty years vertcntc thirty days to rule. These days dice.
Q bantut26 1 o s e p h s c a 1 1 50 G E R L
* ι'ωεία that are being τ, and the three flue φυλῖς. Harpocratio: A o dA.
c / fiuo iugges H7 v i guessed% 7%; dxoy% 33, J gidxoy% 7ráte, jàxdgm 4wX) Aegv.
% &.

Page 46

 The vc.
XXX V ro is the day we Aegv veiaw%, which is explained below. How then.
were φυλω, so often they ruled in Ezek. Ammonius vetuftiff and learning.
tiff. Grammaticus. 2 v 2% £ 55), vxòg, 636,3) "a)" BP βδ ztaj A $ lwαίοις.
ό άγιαυτός εἰς ἀδια τ £ V% € ίας, όσου Κ 4 / Fév ïydo $ £ vTd ae / j3Uêv àxdgm 4vÃ¤.
• Nat 'άγιαυτὸν ἄτοι% 6% 1% t% μιόες, ό% éyoixia and τας τ £ V% x% eiag.
μῖα ἐτάλου. Erantautem decem.Ergo million thirty six days rule.
They did this, he who is the way of the land of Attica, and, therefore, of the whole of Greece. Illa.
however, two days calcemanni reieétæ called ùzïíôxiyeoou or VA $ & ^.
λετω άμάςαι in which the elections were getting magiftratus difference B.
finished. The name of it was called Xgxouggoia so, with him for two days, or.
ajapxoi juig because fcilicet in that attic for two finelegitimis effect.
magiftratus. And we noftri forgotten. For two days well.
mouse going into the year, who are in the end Tetraeteridis made to O & Yet.
we exceffus Monday fupraannumAtticum fuiffe dicrumfeptem.
ones. The first day of the abundant existing Lunaefupraannum ,.
but the years of beak above the moon. For this object he remediumexcogitatum ejse answers.
mouse τω ζαι} εσιν these are not performed on these two days appendages ,.
the time that he Comitiales those he has called EFFE we have said, but in the other menfe.Propterea.
day that exemption, called # 3a / gioiuo $ íuíeg. Cicero, in pleading: E ​​?.
confuetudo sentiments cæterorumque Greek, and / 2os the men / E ^ G C.
which is to agree with the Sun's Lunaeq; Reasons that mommumquam / s.
what have / € crawls sometimes to take out any of the day, or / 2mmum, two days from a.
7men / e, which are exarefimos days nominant.item nonnumquã one day longer.
business men / emfaciunt or biduo.Hæc MarcusTullius.quæ tumdemum.
in place, if E3A / 3αςις is the same Menfo that habetbiduum it.
adiectitium. In fact, it has ajdgx & ς ημάegς fimenfisidem, & ïneode.
be it done 332/3305, it shall be in all the Tetraeteride menfis last term quartianni.
and a trigintadiestantum although in other years has idemmenfis.
Oppianicus when it comes ἐτυζεσις thirty-& duos.Sedcum, has force only in Jer. And yet.
In other menficompetebat ἐσθεσις in the Attic, some αὐαρχοι ήμάζαι, vtpo.
D. Cicero, so to work in TETRA FTEA fuoloco declarabitur.Videmustamen
teridi Syracufàna last menfi entitled and TLU ^ ê3αιςεσιν, ά τας αίας.
χες ήμάe%. Finally, those earmarked for menfi ùzïßd ^ λεσα ημάςα ,.
so that growth together eftapud when Macrobius Glaucippus is, he who was of course divine, Athenienfis.
fcripferat. From this Exemtion contingebatannum fourth Tetraeteri.
push effetantum days c c Lix, beside ajdgx and flu £ E9%. And so, in an.
no $$ ageQiuaιφvna only thirty three days imperabat.Hoc is entirely ,.
He said that Harpocratio a v% guessed cffet tantumdicrumtriginta sex, either.
trigintaD from E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. I. 2.

A thirty-five. Hocmodo standstill as the fourth year exaëtono.
uilunium caputanni the fifth præcife inciderct is necessary for Obfer.
uaba in the Tetraeteride Elidenfium, which for the most part, all the Greeks! ,.
And indium Olympia vocarunt.Quid is Tetraeteris Greece? Eftin.
teruallorum four years Greece fiuc connection between the two.
fyzygias Lunar interieétum. For the first menfis only the moon.
was productive & T £ m ίςa & E had a right nouilunia. in other cases.
limping because of the reason, of the moon, the moon is the primary means anteuerteret epoch.
we femiffe and several fcrupulis more. So there are confiderandum.
variantiæ nouilunio the menfibus solid. All of this is deduced.
fyzygiam of the Greeks, ejse the chronicles of the xxix. hor.xii.fcrup. XXX. year.
E is 354 hours, days or Lunar 6. And those four years time.
Rum and 1417. When Embolima lunar days I447. Derive joy.
be 29 days, 2 hours, 1, 5 oh. ' from the rich solid, that is about thirty days.
Oh fuperfunt dies. Hor. 2. fcrup. ; Oh. But the prior year cxcedit be.
quentembiduo for axigx <^ & 723 ;, flue vaig fiuäegg. For example :.
twelfth for the twelfth menfis of the year of the first does have a limit, having beheld in the xxvi.
day. appendages that have τας ύaëßaX ^ & αας δύο it takes away from the first.
unto them that sold, except the femiffem see the same fruitful two days of the day of the year, in which the nouilunia.
menfis fequentis anteucrtit nouilunia prions. So menfis first.
fecudu Üäé3αλλάτας year for the next & αμάτω5 & the V.
whether there almost any day, quonouilunia the former things from fequentis anteuertuntur, ha.
Bcbitnouilunium 100 days sooner than twelve menfis previous year.
Thus detracts from the twelve productive biduumprimo third and twelve.
tertijprimoquarti mouse. Quonomine traveled to a small table, for example.
menfis nouilunia day of the quota should be made, poffiscitra laboremaffcqui. Because.
So in 1417, there are 48 fyzygiae, ncceffàrio. "" ,,, ",,".
for the last thirty days. Again because the year - - - - If y t s.
Greek larger than the Moon to O & days, necefîàrio l "**.
In the first year there will be thirteen moons. For 3 ASS Assam | eeiee a].
, except the 354 dics, quicontinent the twelve menfes iiihm; EEE two.
altcrni fully and cauos Oh & odicsfupcrfunt so that ΠΕΕ [EE.
In prim6die must be nouilunia. I've | , | '| # | #}} |.
For these days are done throughout all the menfes diftributi 500 rò, all | 4 [39] ITEIISI.


Page 47

 [I] t + H.
ysoulwia etc., and in agaxd): If she really was one, | 7 | 8 | 5 ON ST.
An *%% α can serve to be called so that you see on the table, from which, £? #:.
nouilunia to issue clear and τ, and the first isagogis m, j d fífíIGIET.
years, ew oyd) O * 45iyo1 © productive and 7ráuii, uετά; £ [§. f.
third, fourth and i £ g iyaJe, and again & A £ «i H *.
¤Ã, and a fifth, so from the beginning. These are the reasons Tetractcridis grae.
Heaven, which Elidenfibus Olympias Phocenfibus Pythias was called..
•. . • •. Q 2 28 1 1 l o s e p h 1 Sc A G E R 1.
A. That nothing of the ancients, indeed, explicarunt.Nam who Olympiademmeram
Lunar conftituunt, fortaffe meet ing with Cenforinus account.
a quarter of a day every fourth year excrefcentcm, quodsi.
They call this inftituto fcribat imani bifèxtum: almoft of the Olympiad ,.
quamex Lunaribus conftare makes the two 'tis said, etiamSolaris.
him. The perfpicue is false. In fact, one will never be alone Olympiad.
Sunday match with the arguments, but rather make two things to iunetae.
Oétaeterida conftituunt. that is now possible. .
O e e T E R T A 500 100 1 500 K.
V 1 The first Tetraeterida inftituit, this is only one FPU.
gtauit that the first line of mcnfisincidcretin verummenfem moon.
a thing, for the sake of the course at Olympia contest, which always took place within the fifteen.
menfis, plenilunio.Sedhocilliad perfeetion lacked nempevt too.
it will coincide with the sun. However, it did not happen within the Tetraeterida seysine.
Teftes, be maintained to the chronicles of the fitduntaxat 1447: in addition we of course menfeem.
bolimo: the chronicles of 1461. The difference is made the day of the Sun's, however, Tetraeteris XIII.
Agree nouilunia in XX March, quandocpaétæ are xi.Poftquartum.
EPA year and may be laid x x v. Nouilunia V 1 March. The difference.
vtriufque nouilunij fourteen days. However, two Tetraeterides adprifti.
For epoch recall them, it is necessary Intercalatione. For if he, as we were already doing.
ftatuim, they have been the first of the year epaétæ, xi, shall be IX ,. nonianni epaétæ
vicefimum which belong to the fruitful March. So embolifmi intervention.
fummouebitur priftino has happened in the year. For abfque embolifmo.
it would end in the ninth month of the year detect x 1 x February; So be.
always full of alternate Tetraeteridibus interea menfem to distinguish the civil matter.
waver, and that the distance between us is Oétaeterida onto. For.
it is, no eiufmodi years Oétacterida the same level.
ftitutam the Cleoftratum that first of all at the same level Oétaete.
Merida when compared to the Moon, Mercury and Callippus & poftea of ​​nine.
Tetraeteridas, which is equal to 7 years 6, with many years of Lu.
the nose, the twenty-eight of whom were embolimaei, compared to the; and that on.
iuftam year period of time and Moon effects with, for example fuolocodi.
CCtllI.
500 1000 E N S E S A T T V 1 B 1 c 1 s.
From the years 1000 N T E Qy Greece, Praefertim attics, Meth.
\ As long as we open a, which, indeed, the sense of smell is not Gaza, in the fomno ,.
  it.
500 E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. I. 29.
A poffit that the former may be called into question, or whether Reet which the order of menfium.
I3.
100.
The Attic writers such a way that it is from himself are doétiffimo Gaza, who had been made. For the first time.
false witness is a possibility at all, And He is to us a lot of æftuans perfuade.
tries Anthefterionem productive menfem Autumnifuiffè as Mac.
MA & teriones eiufdem the first quarter of the autumn. both.
Prifcorum proves to be false fcriptum auetoritas and quodani.
thefterion fruitful autumn quadrant, and that maemor and you.
Orion first. For many of Anthefterione aduerfàntur. But the front.
de Anthefterione which we speak, the place of poftulat, so that as many as Aioyvoio.
Athens, and they have been, let us say, something to do with this matter, because they do, and le.
And laying the ties are inexperienced poffunt. Therefore, decks were liberal atheists.
nis.Prima, menfe Pofideone the gods & TA Aloyjaia xax 'DYP and another ano.
@ Xατ second òoyvola 'ἀςυ, menfe Elaphebolion. Hefychius, and Aloy.
oix AOG) Afirow, if Aioyvag Say "6% μὰρ κατ 'αγράς μ'ινὸς Ποσάόεόθ (6.
J \ 7ra ou Alwouę b) @d) a ew $ dg, ulwòς Eλαφηβολιόθ. For writes.
History aùrov ajazo / da] £ τελωύες $ %% x% U%, duajg Ex.
Aioyvoiay * $ & 'dsixôy, αὐφόεκσεύδελθόν, έ όμεgόν όλ £ ywy rapawy.
xazäv 2 ^ άςύλα Σταςτής ίφο% ov%, A £ kpuaie τετταλ φῶores, A xaia.
Ji 'A% ynoiy dgxoy (33, §Xa4 / 2o ^ ιόό δκτη φόiyoy%.
Of those openly fenta Seneca his Anapaeftis :.
"We Cadmeis bear the mysteries.
With / gardener founded ÇİFT ,.
Cumiampul / O / Idera winter.
The $ stink calls setter :.
T & fficifera comceßa Dec.
caettica • 2!) FTAs ​​closes Eleufim.
Fuiffe the indicated time near the end of the winter, and in addition, £ r ^ GT.
Grxcè fuiffe, and said that the smaller myfteria. For my greater.
fter were Pentaeterica: Scneca Herculis in their fury, about whom he said ,.
Guante separates the evacuation of 7'omamtem ,.
guimta and / bitter recalled the "rich ,.
Guanta, was far superior to the time comes again to grovel before ,.
ID crescere & 5 / omnos cupiensquietos.
Balance Phaebeostenetaqua car ,.
The crowd secret Ceres ,.
The cititeáisproperant reliant.
& 4tticinoäem celebrate MYFI.
At Ippolito. .
 §. Now, a quarter Eleufin grant crave fecaf ,.
: '' 'Equal to the entire compofait day. © • 3 o 1 o s e p h s c a 1 1 50 G E R L
Of course, there were τὸ εὐκαι} ßond% eggs, poftconfeétum loyal Aequin A.


Page 48

 Speaking at Galeni Ae3FEL * i *.
awíguo (33: 6st; xcue}; p & pour $ p δ καλεμέρ® μω Σάμ £ E46, AI, and y.
IIspyoiug ό ταρ ἄμυ τ'a% € ¢¢ Taj & A% yo a MV & IE / z.Philoftr. v. 56.
Bætica region, γεθ3% ας τε τασης με5lu) άναι, έ όgô, oiau * Aiix $ @i.
μάτω29ί τε έ μυςτωτός. μυ, Re / weigh and $ egς calls autumnalc TCM.
or pus. The book 1 1 1 1. 46. ἐς ό τὸν egias AAW 2 {z ^ & ασις $ Mv; n.
c / ov & egv ατε A3'wojoi zroAvdo EX ^ %% $ p & 7r fioy Tyøfleai, Sec. Afterwards OV.
o μά Γυμνοι ἐe9% ($ $% μετάτω άλιον τί; Afiuaιοις) and c.Poftea :.
uύα {σόμε ό όόα (τςογόσά Σάμόρφ, and tov μετ'éxéyovie% RU # 4A, δς μ%.
τάαεα ἐm $ IGA agásn.) Below eodcmanno, fequente spring, àaiz% ^ α δλά.
χέ) as Aioyvoioy gj'udìos, dztoláta, αφαν έν matter δgg 3% Ar / a / g>. The B.
Aιονύσια Diccbat αύε %% 2a. of which proverb Súe9% käg%.
Gex ä'Ay% e / z. Hefychius, AJ% 2ια, Aioyvaia. This ing that adres.
5 obviously belong to diet, which Anthefterione inftaurarentur: a.
Aoyjov said. %% χούα, also Aorvaia% and Aiuvog.Thucydides.
2 book. $% & AJfitj key dxegτόλὰ ἀ ἀλλω $ C $ l, e @ u ages.
Ge * μ £ £ ztóAgos UA * & ^ ον ἀ) ", τε 3 AbsOλυμzie, e? IIÜ3io ,.
Σ? T%,%? EW Aiuyou; Aioyvw &, a 2gχαότέeg%. Aioyvaia τῆ σωσεκατη.
"7rotéra and howl) A 3egne //). Fuiffe, however, teaches an annual Demofthencs.
X3 Naaieg, 5 Ka} These @@ & τάλαχαρτάτω A'o 3% g / i / n and Aiuyas kV.
Aw, AA uh Rox ol άδαι% ^ yl} ραμμάα. έπa3 $$ & yiov $ xdsè ajoiyé) ,.
τὸ ἀρσεκατη £ Ayres ogne%, and G 'μωός. Therefore, Anthefterionem that of C.
Anthefteriis Dionyfio diets, foreign aid fuiffe the autumn where.
when he places me in Gaza. For it is, the unjust man is why God threatens so Philoftrato it comes to that.
Anthefterionem seen at the time of one's term. Nor is it alone.
Philoftratus this fcripfit. Appleby and writes the same thing when he Caef.
diétatorem% from the μωός A / ZA © conspirators faétione the fenatus.
oppreffum & Caefarum fuiffe. But Plutarch grauiffimus fcriptum him.
objecting to Athens by Sulla, who were captured in March menfe is produced and when.
menfem aj3gne /) is in Athens said. The same also fcriptum inSympofiacis.
he speaks so clearly, so that through him, of Gaza be allowed to change the effect. Ka) μlu) oijJv.
γε τζον ό τ; σίαίζ τύσης% from A / AW ziezi PLUJO g, x {uja. RLW out fine.
egy éxei'u iuas $ p d p dya% ajuovg "A £ wjo, § 2; $ c) {w x ^ ai. D. McN
A fern% n! / \ ag% χάμῦa stations do not make restitution hiemcm as Gaza. When.
the second menfem a Pofideonc Gamelion Gazaita, should not be used ,.
collocauerit, fanees third from Pofideone be Anthefterionproinde O & So was.
From Hecatombaeon. Harpocratio: A% from I / O, ôydo® howl) OA ztaj.
From £ Wojo / 3, i3g9; Aioyvwa. I5e9; δό% ίς ἐστωσγωγῆς κακλῆόai φησιν αυτόν.
δια τὸ λάσ ίγέα γῆς αὐδόν τότε, not even in Gaza, if reuiuifcat hostilities.
Tarco poffit, Antheftcrionem menfem vernalcm fuiffe. Demofthenis.
•• from $ ID E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. I. 3r.
A $ & $ <8%. άπί isgio; K wayógè àapμός IIvAaiag ad'o% ^% IIv αγόςαις ,.
He adds Demofthenis: Aíye% d% 6% £ W and OI; %%% y £ «%. Xegot. A'g.
χων Mynoîéïò \, Ulu); Σne% y / e / og AXM àdexdrf. You see ἐλgy w ^ ^ -7 αίω.
menfe Anthefterione. This would not happen unless beyond Anthefterionfuiffet £> gyός.
μ'w. In one matter only place I can produce, who, of all inflar ejse able to see. Am.
no Nabonaffari 465 Athyr 29 filautia% ςngâ € "âyd'é, which is Calip.
woodpecker on the Anthefterion, Timocharis obferuauit the middle of the partemLunæ in the.
induétam half of the Pleiades. Vicefimum January in a match.
None. And so the new moon: and is fallen into the Anthcftcrionis Calippici that year would be.
Matt January. fequenti & annopoftembolifmumcademneomenia in.
running the x Februarij.Et quidtergiuerfàmur? He was the Year of Lent.
B, the dung of the fept of the first periods of the Calippicæ, of which of Hecatombaeon and He began to.
tricefimo June, cyclolunæ third. When the 2 to 3 Ianuarijfuntdies.
2 O 6 præcifè, which are fyzygiae seventh. Therefore Anthefterion Agree & Taua.
fyzygia from Hecatöbaeone. proindc and fruitful menfis winter. Athens.
miæü§libro VIII Ayres% ςngáa & E ^ αφρολιόα force. KA% of róvAy.
$ Σngàya, $ e ^ A4 / 3ολιδια λάχεσυ óêaX6% of, ότι XaoTiuzr bo ^ v ^ rlu.
Aτότυω OAu /%. Expungatur the Anthefterion exAutumno that.
him, he made a shew of Gaza, a man of otherwise a great man. The Maemaéterione punishment.
perfuaferat me after placing Boedromion effects. For Gaza.
Hecatombaeon is Maemaétcrion, fourth, fifth Pyanepfio, sex.
Anthefterion.Sed burn deeply as this would deny a primumPlutarchus ,.
100 Caefare fcribit Pofideonem effect in January, is confirmed.
Anacreontis in terms Euftathium.
 Honey, POD IIOO} {3} ijvy igmxs.
Nεφάλαι d 'ύδατι ραμύ). .
A'γμοι% d% χάμύς το χάσι.
Eiufmodi tempeftates in Greece do not occur unless the treasury and tobrumæ.
oneself. Plutarch * ioi30. afferit Pyanepfionem effects Athy.
Auguftalem, that is November. And these Demofthenis menfe.
1000 continues the "% y £ rwóva Bono} ομάα, IIvdvg Jaäia and μlu) I ^ & AI to UO.
33ov drjxavra £ ztzt; it \ @ *% ^% d ^^ d (αχ} έγάλωικόν τταγματων.
Draw @ uάγάπιόθ'ύ η λὰ Keywöia úgy awärtze Bono} ομιόφ.
500% r "gi ^% y him; 1000 & W% ω λ φpaeg. IIvdvéJ% $ de Anuoόδηάατάσε.
But if it is Pofidcon January, (for example fanci omninovcrum cli when Pofi.
Deon radiation poftbrumam start) Pyanepfion is equal to nine.


Page 49


rionem, it is not video.Naminter IIvw ¢ JAόα, λέφεστας χάμεgydc, that is, between the.
IIváveJaäya; a) iioae $ d \ Aya, fpatium a intereffe innuitTheophra.
ftus xoxxvu d ^ άς Aι} υίίάς different as fciascontinuatos not fuiffe.
Agxä) Di dêávplwòς IIvwe \ ajy & ROV% d x> gtòv zraraiW AE 7: οπας χάμε.
100 4 gyας. • 32 H o s e p h s c a 50 1 1 G E R L
gid ¢. Certainly among the αἰδnoiy Xai ràtayov, mcnfem intereffe all the Gamesa of A.
they give unto, that is, between the Pyanepfionem, & Pofideonem. And what menfisin.
tercedet addition maemor & teriones? Moreover, the same Plutarch calls.
Pyanepfionem σύμμον μία and the Pleiads occafum stations ,.
to whom the interpreter of Aristophanis adftipulatur, in Attica, and tlu ^ And he said, rufticum.
agonejqiov $ voiaw the Menfo sacrifice folitis. But if the plowing.
& Fationem starts Pyanepfion, manifefta than when menfem DC.
cembri abfuiffe, and in November conueniffe. Diodorus Siculusli.
BRO III connects these two menfes, Mæmaéterionem & Pofideonem.
tai $ u'w) s, a καλέσυ A £ Waine Mauuaxwgía, t aiaoia X3 ria. "
d.§. (ov & dsigov% α φασίν έegός μάχά ἐ τςατκ φυλακής. τέ σε Ποσάσεόt.
UI & d% e%. And still hesitate? Harpocratioitafcribit: μαιμακ B.
736y 67% iio μ'ιω τοις A £ wαίοις. If Boedromion He is the third.
catombaeone, Pofideon, however, fextus, the fourth between the Boedromio.
and an end maemor & teriones be Pyanepfion. And lest any one error of a scale.
rij think of Harpocrationem, fubiicit *: ἀνέμαςα d \ Xao àòς μα.
μακῶν, μαιμακτῆ δέ άύ ό άδεαυὸς €% eg ILXOR, δς φησι Avoiuaxiâ) ;.
& »Τ? AE O Afino uluô. »Gxlu) σέ λὰμάολό 3 χάρύ and rare.
τ} μ'ui, 6% did DJG) έ μ% λω άχζ. The autumn under the suicides.
ipfum beginning of winter sets maemor & teriones, whom Pya place.
nepfionem contributes to Gaza. Also Demofthenis Olynth. 1 1 1: τότε%.
YUV μ! u u * Mauuaxtme /). Damages to the bench, χάμ of £ / $ 'ά δ.
μ'u, Sec. But because of the name and authority of the men is hardly C.
Doctor expreffero is doubtful that Gaza is erraffe knife, unless beyond.
Test locupletiffimum their own energy. Timocharis at the Pw.
Lemaeam year Nabonaffari 466, which was 48 Callippus, Thoth vu ,.
zvve %% 'you ^ & ίγες, obferuauit A Moon in connection with spice.
ginis.Quodtempus appropriate day O & Taua Nouembris.Proinde Kev.
Pyanepfionis walls Calippici sixteen Octobris. Hecatombaeon however.
he began to eighteen days before the July of that year. From the nineteenth of July, one sixteenth Octobris, they are.
the day of the ninety-: those who conftituunt menfes Lunarca of Callippus are three, in preference.
past month and the start of the fourth. In fact, there are menfes 89 days and three years.
lunar which if you add neomcniam quartimenfis, made the 9 a.
Pyanepfionis the end in the quarter from the new moon Hecatombaeo D.
end. It precedes the Maemaétcrionem Pyanepfio and Pofideoncm.
Maemor and third, Gamelion Pofideo and Anthefterionem Gămēlĭo.
Part of the rest menfium the order of the rcet feruatur a Gaza also, that it is not of our help.
Rofu: When as in one or the other Prifcorum of the Greeks testimonio.
poffit be collected. Accordingly, through the quadrants of the year cycle is, for example, so that the times of the.
the aim population; digcrcndi are mcnfcs this way. Male then menfcs.
autumnaD E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 1000 V 50 1 B. I. 33.

From the autumn and winter, there were a Gaza digefti. in fact menfe.
Β κατ you'd% DV AXA% from xgj τςοφω καjäçìï%,% - -.
C.
D.
You can perfpicere brick.
Partibusanni explained, fupereft that ad.
the whole of Him, that is, the year of the pardon also.
 -.
Tile menfium Atticorumfe.
cumdo quadramtes of mind.
Juat. This equation and the head of the period. The equation Exc% μβαιάν.
mouse. Two of the fummain difputanda © EpiNois MHNE>.
This business firms in the Greek τςο & αφαιςsoiy Ma% y {τνιόν.
έα ἐ τςοόότεως έ αφαιgárso the word of him who calls; -].
compofito; The elegantiffimum the [Good} ομιά.
diffimulatum is among Ariftotelem Oecon. OTIOPINOI MHNE> ;.
I òózíé a whole oxå] A /, *} δωόμίν τε, £ Ag IIwc Jº. - ,.
%%% 2 x) x ^ doing ^ άχα καί ἐχε μιμεμέ Mauuaxme 4).
V8; t'u 'iatrów dujau) ά φλάμακε λόγω m.
• ** [noo {d \ a (JY.
πςοσεωςάσις. For all read [***** "l.
Ἀγοόοιφαιςάγ%, not τςοδεωςά%. therefore | 10 E 1000 E P IN O 1 1.
7 £ 6όεσις happens in the Attic or days, or 1000 h n e Σ.
menfis. Days for them, which Kharaj ^ [Taunλιῶ.
λ & σοις κου ** AIG said fuiffe already monuiAGET.
mouse. Menfis, which ίμβέλιμον was used instead. _.
Aφαigaoi; the case is different, or of one of the day, in the year, [L ^ αφέολιό.
the fourth Tetracteridis, or to the smoke of bi EAFINoITMEiNES.
Pakistan, as Cicero teaches. Diodorus Siculusáu.
Go ^ a UA Xai d44gárga, Greeks that.
there are two parts of the equation anniGræcani © £) ^ / a.
ci, it mentions the use of Thebes in Egypt lo Σκύοφοοχ. '.
1000 & W% y.
ordering, ἐμβολίμες δέ μύας Gex y & QIY, and d.
íuíegς ύφαιςάσι καθαλά ό πλάςοι ἐγ άλλων. So iugoAuruòς μωδς and.
ύφαιςεοῦ ἐμέe% are parts of the equation of time, civil Greece ,.
The three equations, then, partesfunt, άτες £ αλλεται, fiuc aiapxo; juíegi ,.
άμβόλιμος μ'u ^ & j3aigaoi ;. The αί άrsg22 ^^ εσα a result annireii.
dīcerentur ratio ipfas poftulat and Glaucippus prifci fcriptum before.
Macrobium teaches quodfupra ftri & timtetigimus. However Macrobiuste.
ftemfuum, which it produces, and understandeth not, nor can those which effentillæ èzrsg.
ßdX ^ ετσι, και στεςραίνεται ήμάgau.

Page 50


£ initially as we can exit cffct year, and in what time conferens.
pact comes fuoloco tra & tabitur. The survivors from the two, Zia gains ισμά x ^ &% αι.
gírcos. An fcilicet to menfi embolifmus & exærefis attributes, or.
they are, however, vtriufque reidiuerfi ​​menfes. There are three words that MSG.
Gus confusing aussimus ^ ιμος, άμβολιμαῖος, ίμβολισμός. Menfis, or.
dics that intcrcalatur, ig3dλμος that we Bifextum is iuβέλ /.
μος ή34: 1 o s e p h s c a 1 1 50 G E R L
μος ημ £ eg. The year, which it is competent intercalatio, received orders to muster ^ iuaιος. Resipfa and A.
äetur, ἐμβολ / σμός. Eμβόλιμος μ! U) Athenienfis was Pofideon.Id us.
Ptolemy teaches that year Nabonaffari c c words, 36% F, dgxo /.
% A% yov Evaio} out, JWJ; IIo7 {σεύος πάge Moon defeciffe fcribit.
Therefore, ἐμβοΆσμός was attacked by him for that year, those who belong to him, it is said, â € ¢ âμβο.
^ Iutúον and menfisäuß6XiuG »Pofideon metonic prior.Nam inom.
niiufta and legitimate intcrcalatione from two 50 1000 N A T E R V 100 V 50 EO.
menfibus surnames of the bus is wrinkled άμβά MENIARV 1000 MOON RIVM.
In menfibus Athens.
Ἀμ® '; quiprioreft.VtapudHebræos or odor; T5T7TigTyøøç.
no embolimæo the two Adarin, it month | , | I. £ 'ITItem milk.
cit regular, which is abundant in the ĘTAT6I 355 & £ -.
   4 | 29 2I 7TvdUV £ 2 ^ {μ ay.
iEfter obferuare fast. But if Pofi 2 g 3 | 5 *** | B.
• 539 [i_ [3] [5 uagaxTHeu & ,.
deon metonic intercalare, and then you | 68 £ T | 4 Ez..
  • jjjj -.
traetericus. Subiecimusveromenfium at J £; £; se-.
    '^ J39; Thetav /.
When the new tile disorders Lu | j; i; i Louis.
 \ »---- | -J-J -----.
nose comparison. And a couple | j [g], [e £: £ 1] ^. "A •!. 2 [24 i6 8! ! <Y ^^ /> r. _.
Ἀσμ3 • §u £ ολίμε, άμ £ ολμαje have | √ÉHj.
the same cenfendum á J% ugárga; , §3suggoi.
p.8, §323eaiuaie. E αράμ® juíeg%. cft dics, who he is taken out. E3αιθεσιμαίΘ.
plu), menfis, into which he has fallen J3ajgioi; ipfas. Menfis the Athenians.
fium ugeoiuoj © J3 is Boedromion.Plutarchus avuzrooizxày 3, fegmen.
1 to V & ό τλας όzgg jog) yl} ρόμέρ® & αάο σά σε, όταν, ό Marí4vX g ,.
Άάληδεν, ότι ἀ τω ά & ìåægy Bonepere »© íuígáv & %% $ ap p, thanks tlu *) C.
(Ελήνω, ἀλλ 'άτι% * doxäay iejra a $ $% egςό%. However caufâ.
J3a pa / 3ίσεως than the owner as ridiculous as false as sub.
political conflicts, on the thirtieth day of the moon do not íáaygåôrou cauff, this is because the name of the cit, v t.
The year coincides with the phases of the moon, but because mythologiam.Quod.
Fane was true, and if true story. In addition, & false witness, what is the same.
reloquens decade and τύ λά φιλαδελφας said Tlu'd & Tieyy § ssono} ομιã.
»© cié E% αιςάδτα /. In fact, and not God's, but once in the Tetraeteride. His words.
These are: d3ludìo § rô ai e I2 / 3® * ey 3a) μἀον, ατότως χλατωτες ,.
zzay %% μα a τίως & φαῦλον άμ%%% DV DV τω λ σωτieg i wgëov%.
ete $ ßongou & ©, and; άν έαόη τ) iiotis {σόι τςός τlu) From £ WDO yoμάς ἐ.
διαφοeg ;. The fequentes because it cenfeo E% ougioiuov fuiffe that effect μία D.
* JJ Xao4egá \ @. That is aduerfàtur & ipfum. BCAUS fight, Cu.
mcnfem 33augeoiuojov Cognofco right to the information. Why the fourth year.
Tetraeteridis for d & fflíeg. they ßondgouêr® by im from $ Iiapt, how.
and accountants give noftri on the moon one day diffimulare.
enjoined you to call the path of the moon, Greece calculator UZ '%.
μ'u'aex% n $. But why is there not, rather, the last menfis eximcbant? Quja.
mcnfcs attics, while aboard fuerintq; axoi6iusegi, ijin three daxad 25 late.
 * *. debanturD Succeeding E N 500 E 1000 P O R T A T. B. I. V 1000 50 1 3 5.
From zero. And the third decade of the back Xai% αιςεον counted out, Ja.
XZM, and Tim, ἀγέστ, ζσύμη, άτη τέλ & ωύ%. But if the last exempt fuif.
fčt as xx 1 day potuiffet called a \ xztm 4 © @ ¢ oy! Added to that.
AN way facras. For the same reason, neither aegóriu sap out of the room for $ ,.
all Kalends $ ic & 9uluia, facri effet. And so it was on behalf fecun.
give to the third day, they said, nothing seemed to be from the rich man were to resign. For ff.
menfis than thirty days, is then videturcffe an integer, which if τιακας.
ANE via e deeft. Why Boedromionc mense, rather than in the other ,.
Aipsq 3%; should be made, equidcmcum from Plutarch 's, I think, in the cauffa fuiffe Mytholo.
Mineruæ cumNeptunode Atticæ opposition conspicuous manner.
the former, but that for the sake of the Moon should not be used 33ougeaiy But, that is what can conftanter.
Bneger curve, so utterly. But of these things in all places, Plutarch fefe | m.
peritiffimum produced. For, as we have said, in the vnaTetraeteride, that is in the.
dicbus 1448, or, if embolifmus incidence, India 1478, vnadiesde.
of another claim was, as is come back, and the grace of the year, when the Moon fequens, that the.
primusdiesTetraeteridis femperdeberet tide in charge. However.
6 to 7 years ncceffe was that from day one Tetraeteride not one that folet ,.
fedbiduum register, idq; 7 6 times in those years, it folebat.Quod.
has already oftendimus, and the place of Cicero, from Verrinis teftatur.Sed this fact with clarity.
fentire Plutarch I think, when it comes out αῖςεσις%, it always τῆ ἀigg.
} Ομιόό ficr good, not for any other mense. ficbant for the fourth Tetracteri.
dowry. And so, the battle Platæenfem Plutarch, rather than a certain eftconti.
100 giffe in the fourth Tetracteridos attic, for example alibioftendetur retain.
In the quarter Boedromion Aristidis in Camilloautem the third :.


Page 51


33aigaoiy. Yet another reason for 33augeoiu "y fiugg® the lunar year. For in.
four years Tetraeteridos done in one or two adfummum $ 3A1; $ yo.
The annoautem lunar radiation sex. In fact, in alternate years with the menfes: Llinares.
effent filled and hollow, all had yet τετακα α}. And for that reason.
that interrupted his alternate, one of the days, as he does not déîeg fecundafecundimenfis ,.
but τςίτη said. inreliquis and so on. Aristotle Economics se.
Secondly, the mnemonia Rhodes tyrant Lampfàci: ETS $ $ egl4oy already.
πσφήgéîœ τας (¥% 3xizg, $ 6% μό & Ia Ἀμφῶ $ pipXiov ?, 4ασκων ἀσις.
500% ίς ημάeg13 8to 4 / λακω αυςδ & εμίω, ἐτε τοgãdo and τε δαπανlw ποιό.
ὸς, τάς cb AIPEΣIMOτΣ λόγων, Lampfâcenorum the year.
it was merely the moon, of: of which equals menfes them, although he said, Lo, Effe, however.
agaxoy% με09 seemed now that is τψιακούσα had. The soldiers are.
How many menfibus ftipendium take account of thirty days.
menfe cauo.At cunning tyrant menfibus * $% α had a hollow argument.
gáéòς. That & fequentes incident. τότε ago? x £ vov% and 33% egtiö.
@ $ Τί σζgg. £ reuuiz; throughout; A 2; ix, 7) μάρ τςατα μJui Ta; I2, i * g *.
 μ3393,36 1 o s e p h s c a 1 1 50 G E R L
μάeg, τὰ d! άχορδμω τάς. T &% ν δ τεῶτον τςοηγ, δως εἰς τιμ τ ^: ιακασα A.
% Λ%. Previously, he said, to give folebat Poftridiè day before the Kalends. When, however, effet.
33ajgsoi ;, inqua for decades menfis a third thought that 29 diestantum.
to a creative and fequentis because of suffering. Then, as he is a niggardly to do it, something else.
inftituto tenuit.Namprimomenfe 27 days metiebaturannonam :.
2 5 ongoing, and so deincepshocmodo. 27 2 5 2 2 2 o. 17. 15. 12. Jo. 7.
5.z.o. Thus the entire mcnfem maintenance. This is a clear place.
Aristotelis.
ID E P E R 1 Oh Oh Oh 50 N 500 1000 PIC A.
TI's e Tvs 1 1000 A's are equal before the fourth day above the Greeks B.
c c obferuatio sixty days. Confultantibus how the Greeks.
duly facras to visit an oracle answers that 10% 7tdagia facri%.
pacified. When asked what effect {x% y% πατειοι 3υ again refpon.
fum, X3, 7 in. A skilled interpreted to $ y x3, 7ra75a%, and ¥ 3 trophy ,.
cffet Svey κατ 'ἐνιαυςάί, κ% μῆναςχαβ ημάe%. If igiturannusSolaristan.
as well as obferuaretur, does not in all fatisfieret the oracle. For κατ'άμω.
τ and the fàcrificaretur, but not 10% μῆνας, έ καθ λμάegς. Annuses.
nimSolistantum is to menfes to the moon, the vtriufquefidcris. Vifumigitur.
unto them, lawyers, and, as the good life and of great goodness and Panegyrides, qualcs were the Olympic Games.
behalf, and Pythiadum, menfe mcro Moon was kept, and the specific circular plates.
Cult inorbcm to go back and turning Sunday and seek That vnicoC.
embolifmorum a remedy is made. And so, ftatuim a year, the twelve pie.
norummcnfium, to which the two annectebatur appendiccs dics, of which the, or.
norurn four iuftam perform vifi period equal to a month.
Lunæadipifcendam, one day deducted from their appendages. Hoct.
So Tetraeterida vocarunt.Ita Olympiad, which was held debcbat pie.
nilunio, he fell to the fifth, the tenth primimenfis.Et the fic Κρῶc præcife.
facrificatur for x3'Qk ^ fi'w. Again for intervention Embolima menfis.
second Tetraeteris confequitur course of the sun, thus xατ 'ένιαυτόν force.
fàcrificare cut, and therefore x% fiuáegς for R $ $ $ filu AG ^ x%.
Ἀμον. But it deprehenfum after several Oétaeteridas made of.
duabusTetraeteridibus combined to increase each time above the D.
the reasons for Solis.Itaquecum all Tetraeteridibus fingulidies is taken from the.
Here, we should make aliquandobinos being pulled down. Ifque year, the quohoc.
happened is we have δαεζαθεοΊμαὐθ. Menfi to be restricted.
the hinder part ἐαjg; ai; one day to two days and ἐαίςαις agreement that diferte.
We taught Cicero. Cumigitur peritiffime from Aftrologia & Hierophan.
tis two days that the exemption should be made, first of all as Callippus for him to see.
innoucmdccim Tetractcridibus, qui fuit of the year 76, and four times for two days, Get thee out.
fault.
"^ 500 N 500 E 1000 E 1000 E P O R T A T. B. I. V 1000 51 37.
A mendum.Vidit iniuftequadrantem day for a meton abandoned, and.
277 6 days Oh, that Metonieffent fèptuaginta six years, to leave years ago.
Solares one day as examples of desirable anniSolares 7 6 59 277 days.
But the nineteenth Tetraeterides Greeks, nine menfibus full Intercal.
63 bodies are made 277 days; ALSO if deduct 2 77 59 day leave.
quentur delivering more than four days XIX 332 / 3aaiu83 ordinary. Already.
7 6 2 7 3 6 days of the year Greeks are O, in which fiadieceris 2 O 7 days of nine.
menfium intercalary be done every day 2 7 6 3 O, who detraéti out.
277 59 dicbus leave the aiagx and you appendages onto ,.
They 1 29. 1 29. 6 to 7 years diftributis, all of which Tetraeterides XIX.
will send 332 / 3ασιμαίοι, but only four of them are ἀσε% αιςεσιμία iftar ,.
B first, fifth, tenth, fifteenth, this eftannus fourth, VICEF ;.
quadragefimus, fexagefimus be δαεζαιδεσιμαίοι so that nouilunia first.
Surprisingly, my menfis Tetraeteridum square, and Fane elegantiffima this happens.
their ignorance of the movements of the moon, of the form of, in so great, that even without the chance of disgusted with the.
hendere poffit, that anyone who wishes to make trial of. Callippus quidemnihil in.
rc innouauit those things, but, as we have said, only in the nouemdecimTe oftendit.


Page 52


33a / 3 £ αάς Tetracteridibus as appropriate. Therefore iuftam period.
7 6 years, after which old A32 / 330iuaιω έ όσεζαιςασιμαίαν no.
appofuit insisted. For that period Athenienfis not alone, but also elsewhere.
Greek nations are embraced. Antiquiffima of omniumTetracte.
'100 aimedst to the Olympics. Therefore, before the Olympic period, and at first.
the place should be set: præfertim with all of the remaining from the hacderiuatæ most desirable to vt.
locisoftendetur properties. No wonder then lead his family. The start of a day.
æftiuis the bus, tcfte Cenforino, and the station, which Solftitium vocatannum.
IPifæum -dorn violent wrecking.
PI cold / when you do not aftuat year.
That is: That house is not perceived folftitiali trust in oneself. Menfis enimprimus.
Olympic, Olympus, in whose fifteenth they occurred to those of the present.
When the point proximepoft VIII of July, as the new moon nearest the effect to be.
July, remotiffima in the force of Augusti. For the first time certamenOlympicum.
cómiffum annoperiodi iuliani 3938, Lunæquinto cycle, the Sun xvnI ,.
Blow up 2 985 500 Jews from Tuesday, Iulijix. Charaeter enimfuit.
3.3.9 o 5. Idconunquam citraillos finesinibat menfis Olympias Fed.
holiday. And then almost cardincs world, hocefta: to and from stasia £ / when this stage.
they were forced into oétauis parts of the fignorum. For V 1 1 1 ^ ATVX July in the case.
eratinoétaua part of Cancer. The first Olympic games were celebrated.
XXIII July. But the Greek τςοτας $ εωσς place in VIII or IX.
Iulij. Ephorus at the bottom Dionyf Halicarnaffenfem ix Iulijvocat.
τςοπάς $ εωας badly, so we will see. Namprimi mcnfis Elidenfis.fiuc.
P) Olympia.
from.
  38.
1 o s e p h 1 1 50 Sc A G E RI.
Olympic, the new estinix Julia after solstice, which was set A.
in the power of 2, so that the 1x is the first & the nearer parts of the new moon, it is not automSolstitium.
Construaturigitur Map of Elis in the first annººPº.
riodiexpansis first ordohabeatnumerum periodiexpan years.
5 50 B A A A A A 5 1 N M E N E O 1000
P R E N S 1 1000 1 1000 1 50 1 500 E N E S Si S.
In a few years' P E R O O LYM Pie 1 500 K.
g) OT; ap.
I.
igap.
|.
Neome gods.
Day Imia i FS.
3 9 9 o o July.
Aug 7 5 4 5 27.
2 2 O O | 2I Jul.
2 5 62 | 18 Jul.
2923 14 Ins.
O.
Hail.
 a.
I
;.
I6.
sgaap.
dotg.
I9.
2O.
3; Jul 15 °.
3 677 | 6 Aug 28.
ºs.
from the gap.
2.2.
23.
24.
25.
27.
 28.
29.
3o.
3I.
 32.
34.
i 36.
 37.
38.
39.
G.
26 | 2.
I2.
Sul 27 7 686 8.
8 O 47 | 24 Jul. 15.
84. O9 2 Jul i2.
877o 17 Jul 8.
ipudoa..

couple.
913; 3 Jul. 4.
9524 | Oh Jul. I
98 86 | 6 Aug 28.
13: 7 | 4 Aug 26.
28 Jul I389. 19.
1 42.725 sul gods.
the 6,7, Jul gods.
èpagoMa.
Igar 4.
egap.
d) OTG.
égap.
 76 | 4 | 277 59 | 13 full 4.
E l.
 l.e TI neome to:.
I; 55 sia i? B.
7 4979 16 Lu.
42 | 8 534 i i e Sul.
9.
Oh.
1573 3 yo lid. IUCAT.
oh i 945 Aug. 6
I 1 2 45 Aug 6456 .
46 | 12 | 16818 | 29 July 2o;.
47 | O 26 13 718 Jul. 17 l.
48 | 14 I754: 22 Jul 3.
O 18 49 15 179 Jul 9.
5o | 16 18, 6515 Jul 6.
51 | 17 RS6, la Jul 3 iugon.
44.
I
 i.
52 | 18 i9orf7 Aug 29.
53 | Aug 25 19 15,79.
54 | 1 Jul li 97413i. 22.
55 | 2 E CIO; 8 Jul 19 C.
56 | , FG46a: subs.
57 | 4 | 2 5826 | Zo Jul. I
58 | 5 2T188 | 17 Jul 8.
59 | 6 T solº sul 5.
6o | 7 219 4olio Jul 1 | IUCAT.
6 8 | Aug 26.
62 | 9 | 22664i Aug 23.
63 | 1o 23 Jul 2629 Oh. 2o.
64 n 23,88 25 Jul 16.
65 12 | 2375c21 Jul. 12.
66 | 13 | 241 12 Jul 18. 9.
67 | 14 2447415 Jul 6.
 68 | Jul 15 248651i 2 LIUC.
69 | 16 E 27 Aug 28.
7o | Aug. 17 255893 25 D.
71 | 259 18 51 | 31 Jul. 22.
72 | 19 26312 | 27 Jul 18.
73 | 6674 1 2 2; Jul 14.
74 | 2 27 O, 62o Jul. 2.
75 | 3 | 2739 817 Jul 8.
sorumD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. B. I. V 1000 51 39.
From the market, abundant cyclumLunæ, three days old Greek col.
Leet: the fourth, the place of a new moon in the menfibus the Julian. • the fifth and V1.
aeeiie concentrated, juíegς the menfe Iuliano. aiiae fiuieg the Julian year.
V 1 1 1 is the interval between July and neomeniani fequentis HECATE.
baeon Atticus, a Roman, either of the first menfis Elidenfis, fine Olympic Games, of which no.
McN know. So deprehenfo head Hecatombaeon how many.
Ze ILA íuáegi fuperfint Scirrhophorione about a year Julian, we are.
it is easy to discover or give, who have no idea; but, we have of the year.
ftri Julian. But Elidenfes hierophants, of whom I BaaiAovg used to call, in the.
tercalabant day between V 1 1 1 & 1x July, at the end of the fourth year solar days.
O at 4 ° bifèxtum Julian. Therefore, only the fourth Olympic year.
B 2 12 ns incipicbat say after bifextum Julian and fifth four.
those of the nation. Why in the fourth to Ajax then placed 21, while in.
Only in Julian angles Z o, because bifextum Julian. The year joy.
first in Olympiadic cli cmbolimæus, of which 39 2. days.
Solar deducted in the year that is 365 days, rcmanent agwfia, íuága 27.
So Scirrhophorion first Hccatombaeoncm overthrown the first time.
Three days. Annusfequens 39 2 with a couple of days z 54.qui.
annisSolaribus detraéti they leave the Aeeia; fiui Scirrhophorion 24%.
fecund overthrown the first six days of the month Hccatóbaeonis.


Page 53


about three years Solaribus dctra & ti, leaving 21 Aeeia. Yet in most.
Map 2 O 100 is only desirable, because of an bifextum Iulianum.quatuor.
if Julian, 1461. This is the day of the 1477 days taken away and leave 16.
from $ ιάας. But since this year is δαζαιςεσιμαί%, that is, duodies about him.
destroyed 15 Aeeia ;: vtcft will leave the board. That is the first.
Tetraeteris δαεζαθεσιμαύ © is made so dcmonftratur. Previously, we have 1 2 9.
ajdgx & ς ημάegς only in effect for 76 years ought Greeks. that if the ipfos.
diftribuantur years, we will have £ 1 in fingulis years. So primusan.
a day when we have less #: fecund dies with z £ .tertius i.
When the two tom g. fourth along with £. Itaquc first and fourth.
fingulas have dúágχ & ς ήμíe%, and hence the whole Tetraeteris is όσs.
3αθέσιμού ©. So Progreffu Day 1 £ oftendet to a fifth Tetraete.
500 Merida, tenth and fifteenth effects hora3a / 3aoiuaιες. That is.
The first year of the first Tctracteridis not immediately mutilaretur one day, Fed.
Two days after the fourth year perimeretur, teaches us that we Cicero ,.
they which are of the usual, to be released in the same mense fcribit a day and to be chosen, Psalm cx.
the regular time register. So you elegantiffimam period ,.
of which are of a new moon of the first of all the Tetraeteridum exaétiffime Lu.
nares.Nam primonouilunio deprehenfo, the rest of fequentur, as it were.
SatCIla named l roptcr inccrta however cpochas years in nations.
500 »Greeks.
Uz & O's e p h o 1 1 50 1 S C A G E R L
Greeks and diuerfa beginning menfium well as old, Olympia A.
herald declared pitch of the game. Pindarus Ifthmico fecun.
do: άτε έ καςυκες άegv dyiyvoy awoyd \ O <p6e9 Ke9ida Zlwòς A'λ € ίε.
Scholuim: oi oi κήςυκες τας όegς & τὸν καιό 3 JAwuAiaxä DYO.
V @ àxìguoyoy, xaff CIO ère7 \ άδ. In this way, as the period of veriffima this is wrought, to the.
cæteræomnes flows and Greek periods dire & ing tanquamad division.
* EGUL, and that respect cultusOlympici, changing only Tetractc.
ridibus, it is not autemnouiluniis. Namomnes the periodoruman.
contained in the cycle of the moon is not convenient for them, but not to the intempore. Exemplum.Pe.
Rio attic molded Olympic years older than 38 who funtduo cy.
cli.Itaque cumOlympica the cycle of Attica, after it, it at all times: that.
Older attic method is devised, Olympic pofterior and year B.
primusTetraeteridis Atticus, there arose the third Olympics. Scholiaftes Pindar.
Olymplco be. 91, 3) the fluid íuáegy ol δύο όίκησω. 6 μᾶ) E4 and gμο50 'end.
^ VuTio. δ δ AauTgóμοιχθ, $ 1 paa. Celcbrabantur always say the same.
eiufdem menfis. Now celebrating Kai. Hyperberetæi aeftir. Therefore.
Prior tetracteridis Feftumcadebatin nouilunia: pofteriorisin full.
allotting that incidebatinneomeniam menfis Ifthmiaci and fifteen men.
f Elidenfis. Idemtamen is fitus years old, the very same moon that cost.
they differ to each bi videbitur.Quare omnesperiodi 19, or 57, or 38.
years, one, three, or two of his life had passed. If it differs from the period of a certain woman.
one Olympic cycle VICEF of one year will be the first ,.
And thus the fourth year of either C. difficile Tetraeteridis eritprimus alterius.Si
to carry to the two had passed, and by the third year alterutriusTetraeteridis eritprimus.
tetraeteridis another. Finally, if three different cycles, fecun year.
Tetracteridis be one of the first pact. Sæpenumero Tetracus.
1476 is a waste of days that the first period. those who are at all: Llinares.
mcnfes and fifty, and still, when I Tetraeteris of the moon, is said only a.
menfium vndequinquaginta: Itaq; IudaiciAbmenfis the first year of the cycle.
£) lympicushabcbit neomeniaminxi Iulij.cyclo Pafchaliquarto.quin.
neomeniaAbcritin to 28 years Iunij.At menfis Olympicuseritnoniâ.
From that in the previous Tetraeteride, but on July 28, cyclo Pafchali oétauo.
hence it is one vtramqueneomeniam are menfesabfoluti Lunaresquin.
quaginta.Hoceft, that voluitinterpres Pindariintcrtium the course at Olympia, P.
χύζ) d \ όαχότὰ μέρ δέ τέοτάegxoy% eniai ulwöy. IIά σε δαπερίτοy.
B. δάν έ τὰ μέρ τέ Azro μlwi g ^ ®, roid, 7) Ila;% ig $ aíkAάται. This.
He will, once celebrated τύ άκα% μβαιόμ ττνωείας, τά δέ τύμά.
χειτιὰ Ἀgv% y € IAG. But menfis, in which the session, it was among the ordinary people of radiation.
was the same thing, for example, of Hecatombaeon popular, but not always that Hecate is.
baeon τ £ V% € ίας. ELEVENTH menfis from the sixteenth through five.
certamcn celcbrabatur dies. Frozen rcgiiauige $ αμίλας said Pinder.
ru§ID Succeeding E N 500 E 1000 P O R T A T. B. I. V m 50 1 4 ,.
A country Olympic v. This is an example nunquami anticipated.
xάτgoy. Unto them that sold, however, Elidenfium the ninth, it EAd®owtantum reperiapud.
Paufaniam h uaxóv, Nat 'δ ίκαςων φυλαζαὐες ό μαὐτός τ'w% ^ & W.
RLW i \ xx? Eλαφία μ! Wός xouęqu Ex & A, V% of% R / U »τάφegy. In AE.
Nay components of the spring when the incidcre idem fig uaxäv ft. EAI o £ óg * RJ.
xoyv4j% AOI, 6) Bασίλαι x ^ x άμος τέ Kegi®% iamuseiw tlw ά τῆe ,.
Eλαφίω μlui J $ Hλ € ίοις. Therefore, the same terms with the Elaphebolion and.
Consequently ninth month from the first folftitiali. I also ScholiâPinda.
Axo if £ ^ G aus? Ila}% ίε μιμός. 111 ODE year. TI) DL j dy, and Zori.
μά δέ τεara egxo% and Mia uiuêy, rosemary ó * tifìxoy%. δάν έπὸ μά τὸA ;.
ZRO ^^ Ayia μlui, rofei a τῆ IT> £% ^ g iaik άται. . . . · ·.
n 7.

Page 54

 ).
TYR Olympic oxiMvM a period occupct the attic. fino.
of which the knowledges of all the ftudium inutilc cft proportional to the times.
Greeks. In the year since the DC Attic difputaremus 3 3 ^ two.
the role we RU) rfo & a4aigsaw, and the head of the period is twofold.
intcrprctationcm poftulat.Nam vidcndum & A quotempore and watery.
Monday dcduccndum cycle. And when he was naturalisratio poftulet components, such as.
tercalatio the end of the annireiiciatur, Reet him of the year menfem far as possible.
we, who are assigned to the intercalation. This, however, is Pofideon, whomsoever.
demonftrauimus of tea. Therefore Pofidcon is menfis grade, and Ga.
Melion, who had just been fcquitur, the prince of the menfium. Why start.
100 years attics impinges upon the season of winter. To remedy this they adftipulatur Teren.
rather, the masked Mythographi such things: • aeru / sponsor was banned at Bru.
moui main thing starts. For fcilicet prifci year, Atticus.
winter began. Comedy doubt very end APOLLODORUS.
Aiowoiok x taught? dyfè ;, mense Pofidconc, who are her neighbors make restitution before.
menfem yields of winter. However, you will Hecatombaeon than men.
f Olympiadic, the Greeks because of Olympia suppose fuá.
times. I admit. However, nevertheless, he said, but it is. For.
The context years old attics dcducitur winter. The masses of onion.
putaretemporaab Hccatombaeone, for the sake of Olympiadic endure the conflict of ,.
folftitium after the next full moon celcbrabatur. Therefore, when the rc.
500 is not true φώσά beginning of the year, but rather be $ components, such as circle :.
tamenliccat nobisprincipium it is natural to call it, vndeputantur of the year.
based on this. For the fact that the circle of the propofuimus dc, idomnino diffimilc.
geriodo than in Greece, which has a natural source, such as a tile.
nouilunio Tctraeteridis above the pofito solely potuifti. Nampri.
The first mum Tctraeteris confiderandum in the period, or after the first.
it will go into Tetraeteride, whatever conftet four years, omnesdiuerfà.
have nouilunia and the ciufdcm Tctractcridis conftituitur.
. . 1D 3. In cq.
τε42 * 1 * 1 s c a o s e p h e r 1 50 1.
in him is the new Moon, with respect to the rest of the nouilunia, quasi a kind of Fate's is Chryfip A.
peicatena break. So it is natural that we have called this principle.
Camus: another autcmab Hecatombaeon, Best said. of which.
Plato, the DC laws fexto: ἐπέω μάλλοι τὰ ἐμαυτός μ% $ * E *.
JAS aggravated divers äriörn ujui} μᾶς. Moreover, even Dionyfius ex Ephori.
Hecatombaeon popular conftituit menfium principcm in RA.
tion of the times. As the lion was captured τελωά% yo § A> G.
& IaXa% WA íuáegis A / rsg9 § 332j, agozik, άγάδη φδύοΧς μluę.
eayy xi% to A £ WOIO ci 3368, dyeoi. So double the start of the year.
Jewish; natural in the autumn. because from it is brought to the years of reasoning.
ends, and other civil ecclefiaftica a Nifanius. On the natural world.
the beginning of the speaking of this truth, so vtdiximus, in the brumaftatuendum B.
Bring it alone accounts above the adduétæ argumentofunt, but also is, to what.
the naming Dionyf. It captured the lion XT 1 1 dicbus.
make restitution before Solftitium, viccfima the third Thargelion. Solftitium was then.
The tenth Scirrhophorionis. After the tenth Scirrhophorionis fcribit fu.
v.
perfuiffe completed in twenty days. She rises at 1% fiai di) όιαὐ.
êxävov évzangâaau μ ^% tlu regτω άοαι ήμάegi. . If the end of the post.
Scirrhophorionis fecutus is just another caputanni: fancScir.
rhophorion have not had the flu and incidentals aiagx from £%. Therefore Tetractc.
RIS does not inftituebatur from the ancient Hecatombaeonc. For, as he used to teach.
Glaucippus is, άλάραλετα ήμάeg, were conferred on the on the end of the year to you. Scir.
rhophorion Cos dies nonhabetapud Dionyf, then Scirrhophorion C.
menfis is not the last term of the year. Consequently ncque Hecatombaeon exit first.
mouse. So it goes menfem τάς ύλάδαλλάσας habuiffc that.
I know it was last term in the aspect of periodi.Is, however, is Pofideon.quod.
to undo from the place of intercalation. Therefore Pofidcon had τας akigχ & ς and.
confeqenter Gamelion proximusab it was the first in mcnfis reasons.
Tetraeteridis prifci. Since then he has Pofideon τές aiagx and diversity.
I am, which in the past magiftratus crcabatur: cft there is no doubt, but that, so far.
got long as the veuluiav γαμπλιάφ 'magiftratus election, Ga.
melionipfe effect of the year. But poftca deference Olympick games ,.
Hccatombaeon starts effects of the year. With these animaduerfis, we must look ,.
anno0lympicocompetat whose head pcriodi atticae. Plutarchus fcri.
Chabrier bit about the battle of Naxos contigiffe ßond} ομιό & aeíufía.
43iov (zä ;, τω τόσσάλluoi. This time confcrtur in the first year.
mum Olympiad centefimæ initially with Eufebio, that is, Inanna.
Iphias 4oi.Quod fiplenilunium happened vicefimafextaBocdromionis :.
Therefore, it was on the fourteenth, or tertiadccima nouilunia menfis. And.
Boedromion give it to the third menfis.jVt nouilunia fall again.
x x 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 or menfis, that does not potcft contact, except in You.
 . • "... tractcridisD Succeeding E N T E 1000 P O R T A 500 V 1000 51 43 B. i.
Atracteridistertio and proindc year of the first Olympiad is tertiusTc.
tractcridis atticae. Therefore, fecundumea, which infinediatribæ the period.


Page 55


two cycles. And Mcthodum Atticæ period, 38 annida period.
Qlympica subtracting from it. Conftruximus eiu £ tablets.
qem periods of inflar at the Olympic games, all of which increased by a neomcniis ,.
& Expensive epoch in menfibus Julian, why not more ncceffària ,.
A A A B 5 50 O N E 1000 E 1000 N 1 AR V atticarvm.
1 N 1000 E N S S 1 5 50 1 5 1 B A N St. 1. .
l.
| N;: * g *. £ 3 £. % = Σε. ^ W ^ w * Ê :::: power. Swpy ^^ u and v. ; £ j?.
<2. * ■ ._ of straw. " .
T] 5TIJj [Aug 8 [7SEEHOäo] 3 NOTJ5T5E5IE 8 FERMEHApriIHTMäißTuTj3TINIjTE.
"[AijASsíáöåíToupTDEEE îsîB febrk Miijii, MiihIiiijTijT ;.
3 [Aug. [ISEPETO & obto & I5o No | o Dec.] TSTBIETEIMITEBIMar.REApr.5 MjEIunijE ,.
Δονζ. | 4 25Iülij | 28 Aug.] 7Sept. [25t] No. 23 [14T5ec] _o_] 1 5 Jan. 24 Feb. [Mar.35 Apr.25 May 26 * June 22.
5 [AIulij [x; Aug.] Sept.EO & 2]: TN.], Dec.] IGT | Aatat]. 1 JAN.]; Mar.], Apr.EMaij; IIufiijT;.
6 [ITIulij] Saugus Sept. 19 & I9TO. 18 Noo. Dec 18] _o_] 17 lan. 16 FEB. | 8 Mar. 17 Apr | 7 May, June 6 | 13.
7 | § ïjj | 7 Aug | i8Sept] -3 Oâ]: 5 Non | I5 det 6tats FEBREMERIAprj3 MajEIUTijT9.
G ,. | 8 | AIülj] £ Ago [ESCP] tto and ignore | yo Dec.] ISTIIIIan [5 May]; Mar.] IApr] TMaijT3Iunij | i5.
"[IoTulj9Aug. [8 September] 8TO & i7 Nou | 7TDec | 3IETE5 February. [7 Mart.13 April. [6IMaj] 5Tnj5IulijTi.
yo | AAug. [5TScpt. | 3O & O. [Σ Nou.] * Dec.I5TIàn] _o_] 2 Feb 3 Mart.}. April .; May, June, July of §.
1 1 [3TTulij | 3oTAug.], 9 Sept. ΣΤΟά. Non 28], Dec 8] _o_ [Feb. 1. »MaE April. May 1 | May 3o June 1 | 25.
* ,! • BgIulij 1 | 9 Aug.8SEPT.]: 793] {-3 No. 6 Dec | 3I [37 ianj. Feb. ;; £ 8 Mar Apr 7} 7 MajßTunTEi.
13 | * July 6] * 5 Aug. | a4Sept [493] {1} * Ngu Dec] from [4 Jan.] * ** Feb.25 maepu 4 Apr.24 May 3, Jun. | T7.
14ßTj [EAG] ¤SEPERI93 | o No | lode | I3IEIER [3 ÉÉ¤MAI.EIApr} TMJ, 3IinjE ,.
15 [3ij | J | Aug 9 [Sept. 8 | 37 Contacts © l8 {TDEEICIE8Tn | Feb 17 Mar 8 | 7 Aprj7 May 6 IIII] Ti.
t.] 1 6 [3Iilij | Aug 5 [Sept. 4] 5 93] notj DBS]. 3 50 | 3Iin | £ 1000 £ fspj is bisected MijETRITII ;.
T | 47 | E | I | J | iTAug [ssef] yo 9® §9ti | 9For] 3IL13 ETH9 Feb.] IMAEEAFFEIMaj9ITIjT ;.
it [5Iulij] 8IAUg [7 Sep | 7TO <| £ 6 noujt 6 500 | Jan 5.] Feb. 6 [§ marih ApriLFI Maij6 Iunij6TuIiiTè.
19 | August 5 | SEPrj £ £ £ o Q | 3INGg IpccHsTEn 3] 3ib Feb.] {Matf] April] Imaje TjEIulij £ 37.
"J & x | AUgBAugE SEPTJS $ 9], 7N9u | * DEC 7 | _e _]> $ fanj, 7 Feb Mar 9}} 8 Aprjs maj7] E ;.
[37IJlj |. Aug. [5 setter] * 5TO3] AIN0 [Dec.] IoIj 5Ian !: * DEC.] MAIESTAFE 3: 5 MajiATINITö.
,, [Julius | Aug 3} [i; Sept [. OA βΓNo] i Dec] ot] 2 2 lan. Xi Feb.]; Mar.Apr. £ $ Maij.TTn IT.
, [* IIIil |> Ago [9 Sept [9 "93]: Non 8] l8 EccJISI | 9 Mn. Fc5.19 Marja AgrJ MajE7T $ i] II.
And,] [7 | 3Aug [5 Scpr | T9 £ | 3NgU |; PCC | 2 1 | t |, NQ; FSB £ 5 Mir.AAPE3 May; IS.
 '',; | July 5 |. Ago [IISCP | Toa | 3 No | yo des] Jn 4] Hnio Feb.]: 1 MajoTHTA matter.
6 | July 3 | Aug 9 [8 Sept [7 {8οαο the Nou] 7 pec [6 Feb. 7 {{Jan 9 mareb april. May, June 7? JulijIi.
17 | 6 August [5] Sept [5 © £ o] Ainge] Feb. 4): InLoL] 4 fesre Mart] {boar and 3% Imai ignij; July 75.
And | s | Ai $ igôgêg §9- | g5s | t £ T | 3}}} § £ $ £ Ape.
"| 19 | 9 July | Aug 8 [7Sept. [793] 6 N9] Dec 16] O] * 7 * 3 {Jan Feb.]. § Mar.37 bee Maj * JURIJ.
Bo |; 6Iulijj; Aug.-Sept] ¥ 93,3TN91 5 PCC. c | lanq * 4 * 3 * feEHMEAAgr.34 May 3. Junius E.
$ Ieij Aug | at SEPE | 1 93 vol nojo PEGISL [I] 'S FERIMAESAREEMEj9TET ;.
& »\ 9ÌiI] i $ Ago [7 Sept [393]: 5 No.5 Rec] IoI] i6 isti.15 eeems 3APE3V5jETHE.
35 | July 5. [Aug [5 Scpr | 393] 2 No.1. PCC | O | 3 Feb Fane £ seas at $ u $ IAE.5 fs | I3.
34 [Fi] i | ii Ago [ESept || Notig 3939. He GI3T.pTcbr | those MEISAEio May] 3IHI3.
35ßIII] STAETSEHTgas the Nou | 6 DccBTRE3 fsEHMAG3ÄprE3I \ II 3 JunijiTjT3.
i | 36 | Aug {.} Seijas; OO] iTNöujiTDec | 3 Feb. I3I | IFeSf]; Mae: EgRIETMijTTij; IiujT3.
| 37 | 3JJ | £ Aiig | .jSept. [JOA]: 8 No [:) Dec | I0TE3Ian [8 FEBBEMAE | A3 APE3TMaij; 3tte *.
'I38 ΣSTÍÍ 37 Aug.], Sept 6] O® x 6 "* 5 * 5 Dec Nol.] O J Ian. FsEv May 6] G Mar. 3. Majb; Ignj 12.
  • 1Π FA * 500 4 44 1 1 e p h o s s c a 50 1 G E R L
to the nature of the times, in the Attic. Adicca also Aîas% fiufe A.
she always differ, as we said, vnitatc the Olympics in the fourth year.
To, for bifextum Julian & bifèxtum Olympics. Nunccium.
credit risk. Repctatur by us for the next model.
du & um.Annus 4OI Evadne cried, I cast & tis 76, can serve as far as possible, it is ai pc.
Rio sixth Olympics. If based on the entire period ,.
(As ficr must quoticsmaior number cli that dctrahitur than vu.
AB 1000 t matter if BV v £ V 50 O N £ 1000 EN 1 AR V M.
AT T C A R V 1 1000 1 1000 N en Si B vs. V 50 1 1 1 AN S.
# "," W sky ***. ßøww} O [mvevs aroaw * • ow_. |. Σειςw is "* • • £. oxjjsos. "Dt.
ÉÉ ;: • lnair. χ Muir. ^ Μων. £. [... 7. jw * ^ 3. auw WWR. J; Audwm. avvvx / er. $ »Rwxis". e4a. Iit.
out.
•.
[33] E5Iulij.Aug.ESEFEJoág. ENGEEDec] IO | * 3Ian.E, FcBj; Mar}. Apr. MajEIITIIiijT6.
'Hol;. | 4o | iIIulij.oAugi ScptAi7o3.16 No. 9 | F3 DccToI | i7Tanji 6 FEB.] May 8 Mai.17Apr.?7 3IunijT.
41 [16 July] August 15 | 1 4Sept.] 14 Oά | 3 No. 1 | 13 Dec. Oh I4TIan.II3TFcb.i5TMar.] Feb. 4 14 May 13 June.
| ** | 3Iulii | Aug. I ISept {Ito & IIOING | Dec 1, 6] _o_] 1 iiat | O Apr. IMar.HTApr .; IIII.
43 | 3Iulij [9TAug. [8ISEPESTOâ] 7TNGUE 7TDcc.] Jan 6 | 7Te5f.j8 Mart.7 April. | 7TMaij6 June, July 6T.

E.
i3 * | 44 | 5Aug.] Sept. 4 [4] Eight]? Nouiz DecJiTIĘ] _e _]> February.

Page 56

}; May, June, July.
Aug. 1 4 5 | 3 Aug. 3GSept. 3öTÔçt. 19 Noo. [25 Dec.] 'O 3o Jan.] Imate] Feb. 5 | 5o Apr.3GMaij 29 June, T ;.
46 [79Iulij | 8AUg * | * 7Scpt.] O and 27. I6Nou | x6TDec] TS 27Tan | Feb 26.} * 8 Mar.B7ApEP7 May 6 Jun.] 33.
47 | +6 iuij | 25Aug. | ASCP | AO & J 3Nou. * 3 Decl_o_ [24Ian. [25 Feb.24 Mar.B Feb. 3}: ​​Jun 3 Majaz.
5.
ie.
• £ f. 48 [27 July Aug. 1 3 | o ScPt.19 OA] I8NouJI8 Dec.] IGIISTIan | Ï8 FGB HOMar.j Apr 5] I9 MaijT8Tun | t ;.
... | 49 | 18 July 17 Aug. T6Sept. I 6TOά. i5TNGII 5 Dec. - * - 16Ian. 5 Feb. 17 Feb. 1 1 6 6 Aprj May I5TI INT ;.
* [5 o '5 July 14Aug. 13 Sept. And 13to. 12 Noo. I2 Feb. - * - Jan 13. Mar 17 Feb.li.4 Nov. 13 13th May 1 1 Tiün.¬.
IEIulij = 15 | ITAEg | yo Sejt] is OE] Volume 9 Dec | 8TIAE Feb. 9 | cmart April 9. July 9 MäjSIunijs | ;.
And, | 5 | 7 Aug] 6 Sept. [6o & O | 4 Noti.14 1) EC. 3Ian] IGITATFEB.] April 6 Mart.5. | 5IMaj4 IunijßIulij | 35.
[53] 5 Aug.] * Sept] * qao] Inoue.] De3Iian. | e | February | March 3.}. April.] MejTj IIIulij] Tj.
54 [3Tulj | Aug 33 [9 Sept. [39O &.] 8Nou. Dec 28] _Q_ | Jan 29 | 8 Feb.50 Mat.29 apex May 9. 8 Jun.] ... a.
 155 [38Iulij | Aug 27 [i6Sept.J. Oâ 6]: 5Nou. [DecJI3T36 Jan 25]. 5 Feb.}. 3 Mar.H5ApEP 5 Maj.ATun.F ;.
'£, | 5 6 [AIuIj | * Aug 3 [a. Sept.] ¥ IOE [20in [Dec 23] G [2 IlanJio Feb.} Imari.] IApr] IMajoIun. | FA.
| 19 Aug. 57 3o Lulij 18 Sept 18 Oct 17 Noo. Feb. 17 - * - Jan 18. 17 Feb.] Feb. 9 May it 18 May i7Tiun. ΤΓ.
58 | # 7 iulj | I 6Aug. [15SeFE | 5 O & J4Nou | I4 Dec | ist [i5Ian | I4 Feb.] 6 Mar | Jan. 5 [5] From April Iun. ,.
[59 [July 4. [13 Aug | Sept 12 | Oct 1 2 [1 1 1 1 Non DecH_o_] lan i ITFeb 12 17 1 1 Mar.fiiTApr May 1 STIUn. - ;.
3) ws3. 6 q. Oh Juli 9 Aug. 1 | 6} 8 Sept Oct Dec 5 4 5 Non lan. 5 Febr. MartJ6 April 7. Oh Tunij5TIulij May 5 - ;.
 6 1 | 4 Aug | Sept 3 | 3 O to. by Noo. Feb. 2 1 LAN.] ° _ a fever. March 4} April. 3TMai. * Tiunij ΣTIulij.
| 6 1 |: Aug. | 3 | Aug | Sept 3O | 3oTO & T] 29 Noo.] 29 Dec] ot | 3oIan. Imari} TMär.'53 Mar. May 33, 9TIün. 75.
, | 63 [35Iul. | 8 Ag * | * 7Sept. [27 Oct [26nO]-6 Dec | IST] lan 27 |. 6 Feb] + May. 6 Apr 1} 6Maij5 Jun.] A.
• £ • {64 | 5 Mi | {* 3Sept Aug 4. [ax QCT {* No * {Rec] from [{• ** Jan Mar 1 fcb.33 * * Apr. * * May iTIun. | T3.
65} 21 July 2oAug 19 Sept. 19 Oct 18 Noo. 1 8 Dec.] _ 2 {19 lan. 8 Feb i o Mat.19 Ap.j9 May i8TIün. Ti5.
66 1 8 lull] 17 Aug 16Sept. 16 Oct No. 15 "IANLS 6 Feb. '' Mar. 6 Apr I 6 Maji5Tun. T $.
| 67 | July 5. [14 Aug | Sept 3]. 3 Ociqua No | $ LANL. Feb.]; Mar.is Api's miJii iu5} | 3.
jJ33 [!!! uli.] {9 yo Aug Sept. | Oct 8 {{7 1 9 7 No Mart.8 April. # 8 May June, July ;.
_ • 69] 6 Arg. 5. Sept. 5 Eight. 4 Non] Feb. 4 .] Mart.5 AprilT5 May 6] 4IIunij 4TIüljTis.
3 | 7o] 3 Aug.} SepThe eight.] Nou [i pec {3 * Through March 3.}. April. "IMaij June IulijíTE5.
SI [73] On 31 July. [39 Aug {* 9Scpt.] * 9 QCT |} * 9 ** Noj Marja Ap.]. 8 Maj.7 IunijíTí.
άφ {7 *] * 7 £ uli. [16Aüg {25Sept. [493] ¥ 3 No. | # 5 Mar [AAPERIA May .; TIunJTs.
{{T 73 [13 July. [12 Aug.] 1 1 Sept 21] O and power Noo. 5.52 Marji tapres]. IMaijsoIunij TA.
¤ [73] siul, 19 Augis Scgtjs & O [7Nou] 7Dec] 3 ijis Jan.] Feb. 7] March 9] isApiil is Maji7iünij.
 75f7iulj | £ i Aug. 15 Sept. 15 Oct I4TNo. I Feb. 4 °. | '5' 4 {lan Feb.]: Mar 5 | 4 Apr.14 May 1 | I5Tun. $.
Ę76μ} TuIIii Aug.] i Sept.jio Oα.'9 * No.19 Dec] o Jan 19 | 9 Fcbr.iiTMar. oh i SAprili MajßTiun.
1 i


_ 4.
 . 1; T 'is taken from I.
| 1) 1000 e e e n b a r. E P O R T 1000 v 1000 51 45 B. i.

From the lost) have been brought forward 38 years, left a 59 year period.
Attic in Table stages. E regioneannorum 59, Boedromio area.
end ncomenia Boedromion occurred on 12 September. Therefore force.
cefima fexta of the V 1 1 Octobris. which they were not alone necessary for fuiffe.
the full moon that teaches laterculus of the new moons, but etiamTifiiIudaicus.
years; 386. The charaeter x x 1 1 1 5 14. 55. September, almost without.
ta cyclo Sunday z 6. Therefore, the full seven Octobris, Thursday, for example.
He was propofitum. The year before starting again from Troy to grab the 4o8.
the first Olympiad. Derive all 76, there remain 28 years. one.
7, leaving about 6 detraéti 48 years abfolutos Olympic period ,.
fabricate the fuiffe. The 49 year period of the Olympic captured.
E is a lion. Deducted from the method of lasting 38 years or abandoned.
vndecimus periods of less attic, where captumfuerit Ilion.Eum year.
Dionyfius habuiffe aívílás íuíegς ἐκοσι the year. But the end of the doubt.
illo, or is deceived, or the pad is mcndofus, where it is eixoaw fiuáey, on behalf of.
eixooi μία Ἀμάegi. Cft, and the year is of the Holy Ghost, whom he did understand the Dionyfius.
Ephori. Troy then captured © £) ^^ ®® * oyd% 43io;%. Neome.
inhibits Thargelion; 1 May. Therefore xx 1 1 I Thargelion tallied force.
cefimæ the fruitful Virginity of Iune, And from the cooler; Ix July, the seventeenth, did not, as he wishes to Dionyfius ,.
Only sixteen days they were fed. except that they may yourfcif lx V 1 1 1 July.
q o7roi; 3424: 23 document. that it can serve. Then after it, and o fue.
z $ affair. 12 fiuiegi. In any case the fact is, you see, and at him, effe.
Cannes, in the mind of habcbat by Ephorus, whom, & admethodum and perpetual only.
Your period of 38 Olympic radiation deduced that habeasannum.
STAGES attic, 7 5 In the ongoing Olympiad, that is, 298 years Iphis.


Page 57


which is full of lights, that is as the plcnilunio, a battle was fought that day, because of that.
the fight of the year, was the sea fight at Salamis. Derive 7 6, can serve as ,.
Iphias about 298 years, remains the third periods of the year 7o Olympics.
Abieétis the constant method of 38, retains the year through 3 orders.
Atticus, whose Munychion 16 April. who, on account of which it is vi.
have concentrated on Tetraeteridis, as a rule of the moon, is, that out of the bricks of the new moons.
Lunar perfpici can serve. Ijar to match the new Jewish 3 2 8.
4. 5. 8. 1 x 500 charaeter the tenth feptimi April. The first of January.
May full moon, the first of which fell sixteen Munychion ,.
See how neatly this refpondet method. Plutarchi the DC.
the reality: τγ δ £ XIII) Kai d'EXA Mayv% © A £ IU) xa3iigawdo, a I%.
EX ^ yoi Zia> A αμύα ιικάσιν ἐπάλαμύω, 3a6. This autemtempus Eh.
Febi reality and contributes to a productive year Olympiad 5. 7.
if not done wisely, or its figure all the Chronologi tacuiffent, yet learn from me.
thodo that Diuinaru poterat, But what is Diodorus the fcribit Meto.
  nemob46 1 O S P H E 1 S C A G E R 50 1 1.
.
obfèruaffe nouilunia end of the first fuiHecatombaeonis enneadecaete A.
potion owjo4o2% q itra d \ £ ka fourth varying Olympiad 86 ,.
fcito, as it will be shown in place of fuo, the book of the ongoing, Metoncm nouilunia.
anticipaffè. No one has axjjo4oe / w% to nouilunia can serve in.
... 10 2 1 now that the small moons Cognofco Lunar attic.
Rum. Sedinx V or X 1 1 1 1 Scirrophorionis can serve nouilunia county.
sent. Olympias the fourth year, 86 of the 344 Iphitus, and instead.
and 4o periods fifth Olympics. Derive 38, remains year.
fertile periods Atticæ. Scirrhophorion 1 1 1 July. From Jewish.
July 1 was a fortnight. But, on the new moon of the first Hecatombaeon metonic.
the x v. And so, one day, the anticipated. In all, therefore, surprisingly conftat.
method which ftudiofi Leétorcs among many other examples of peril B.
poffunt met. But let him beware, not to impose them, Plutarch, who, as in other places.
we have said, it is not uncommon in such a subject is a delusion. In one example, intentionally.
Reader can serve it gets done. Full Moon ecliptic, or what has happened.
no Iphias 446 Darius at Gaugamela nearly Plutarch with.
Bears μυςnei2y time this cli as yourfcif alibiinterpretatur EK τω είκα.
J & §ßono} ομιώ. Abieétis76 all men out of 446, it remains as a year of 66.
sixth of the period of the Olympics. Derive 38, retains 28 periodiAt year.
ticæ.Boedromion Kai. Octobris. Metagitnionem Kai. September. In cu.
vicefimum right, fequente vicefimum the first full moon that falls on it.
Therefore it τῆ ἀκαὐ ßonogopu%, or μωςnejo that wants to Plutarch, but τὰ.
Exod) £% yeTwów © 1000 eclipse occurred. Plutarchus it has.
hebat in the mind of BoedromionemIulianum, when he had so fcriberet. It is not.
For that rarely disappoints menfes Iulianoscumantiquis transients, such as whether.
no Actiaco oftendemus. Thus they have been the fate of de period of the Attic. Su.
pereft that the reason why the fourth Boedromion You.
traeteridis Atticæ ἐαβεσμαῖον we did to him, and he only has been rich, or three times.
components. Of course, if nothing else, the system ipfas teaches in the final year on average.
making every possible way. But, and this excmplis confirmed. Phi.
tarchos Plataeenfem fighting the good contigiffe} ομόθ i5ap $ e.
τεττασ): same comrades are fighting for fcribit q% iiM good oh.
μόθίπαράμε contigiffe. The year was fruitful Olympiad 7 5, tcfte.
Eufebio; as a result feptuagefimus the quarter of the period of the Olympic games,; .
Atticus. Therefore, he is fallen into the Boedromion about four years.
Tctraeteridis Atticæ. The third calls for Plutarch how.
before the fourth Boedromion, it is not cft no doubt, why Boedro.
Mion has been άαιςεσιμαῖος fourth.
Ded E 1000 E 1000 E N T E P O R T A 500 V 1000 1H 1 B. I. 42.
A 500 E P E R 1 500 O O O N 1 100 500 1000 A 100 E A.
AE S T 1 5 A.
Mn E's cities of Greece Olympiadic period from the beginning.
Oiii, there are religious cauffa changing context of other, more.
the beginning, the other with the other cities of the menfibus of the year, which æftiuis ,.
aliæab another year quamaprimo Tetraeteridis, starting fumcrent.Ideo.
they did so with diuerfa ciuitatesidem menfis fame ajcigχες ήμâ € ¢¢.
fiuc ùzrog £ o} λάτοις retained. About this varied inItiJ receiving the license.
Aristidis so fcribit by Plutarch in the near lafciuia: τω σεύμέςόαὐ.
uaXj3o ayuz & $% y ότε and rushed hnxe / £ from £ ρων γὰ ἀsg9λογία μάλλο / ,.
3 α'λλοι ἄλλω τω μιωός Σgχω έ τελέωτω ἀγεσιν. Athcnienfesa day.
aeftiuis all from the beginning to the bus. but their menfes with the Elidenfium.
menfibus rarely suitable or even moon menfium be.
riodicorum suited to the extent Athcnienfium Tetracteris incident.
picbat the third year Olympiadic Tetracteridis. It never con.
uenient. Since the first menfis vniufcuiufquc Tctraeteridis only protector.
The moon. But nothing changed prifci Macedonia and in situ context.
the period of the Olympics. And, if I, as I say, in one word, it was the Macedonian, eadem.
nicâ the Olympics. This, we are taught in the decree on Athenienfis, quodin.
ratiam Hyrcanuses Jewish Pope emiffum protector. Since.
AEC, which adremfacerefunt ViFa, deprompfimus. EZI âgôl sæc and ipia ;.
§ 100 Aiowa 8 AqxAmidâ out, ulw6, AV riuin ditióy%, άτεσσ3m% seq.


Page 58

 EvxX}; Mayayo} ".
A ιμ & οίφ άγραμματ and out, Mary% © AD exarn * aegv% € ίας. Muny.
Chion ifte, it is menfis Agv% / € ίας that the words dccreti expreffes protector.
He was Calippicus, with the Moon, bread and Macedonia. AMAC.
donibusenimfuba & ti Athenicnfes year Corus As to a ridge accident.
com are the pier. Since then vicefimo fexto Panemiperiodici eratvn.
the tenth of the mcnfis Conditions of the moon: Therefore, in the sixth deceive when they had got into a nouilunia.
mamPanemi. The small menfiumLunariumTetraeteridos Atticæ ,.
Munychion pcriodicus, which is the bread Macedonicus habctnouilu.
niumin fextadecima the ongoing Tetraeteridos in the Attic. Igituran.
p no ongoing Tctracteridisemiffum it is Pfephifma. Dcmonftretur.
from the ratio of the times, in the which is the conferring of the decree. Was there ,.
so that fcribit Iofephus, the year of the ninth, a facerdotij of Hyrcanus, quod ipse, the same thing.
Auetore, iniuerat first is the year 177. It was then anno714 ,.
Iphias till the time course of the 5 & proindedecimæ periods of Olympia.
JAY tricefimo. But, as we have said, is fallen into the Munychion a year.
{Ccundum Tetracteridis. There was, therefore, Tetracteris that Olympic ,.
no attic and propterca all pcriodus macedonica mcrces Olympia.
pica.
u'48 1 O S P H E 1 S C A L E R G 50 1
a magpie, nor, nor the context of a change in situ. When the Tetraeteris attic A.
atertio begin in Tetraeteridis Olympics, as we diétumeft, fern.
Attic will be a fruitful year for the fourth Olympic and vice versa. Hence.
fcquitur general rule, all the Grecian Jews, or at least the greatest of them part of the ,.
unto them that sold τας άτεςθαλάσας ημάegς habuiffe in the same, that is in him.
menfe that fextus effect a tropical aeftiuo as to loqucbantur. When.
, however, the King of Macedonia Amyntas the son of Philip, Alexander, Ma.
-gni Father menfes metonic a period of Macedonian rccepiffet ,.
a period of from the day of his grace, to reach new heights in the orfi of the Macedonians, they are experts.
the bus keep faith with the start of the year to fall to feptuagefimo.
fertile periods of the Olympics, from the beginning fumptu Dæfio Macedonia ,.
flue Munychion Atticus as Melon, which Tetraeterico.Conuene B.
 •.
For themselves into a periodic and an end.
nal, which illiinftituerantSyromacedones.
In fact, he saw to achieve this end, but a beginning, which was the surname of her, I do not.
He saw. Menfes period when the old Macedonian Athens underway.
fubiecimus below.
O P E R 1 500 1000 A's 5 100 500 e o n v M.
A 50 N 500 E 10 A A A 5 T E R N A 1000 5 50 1 St.
[] A C T E N rallying integra phase Olympicavfifunt: give.
{ "Syromacedonum another hive in favor of Alexander conftitucrunt ,.
 "I Ipfe, vtiamànobisindicatumeft, nonvidit when it is unfair D.
Iphiteum 465. Callippus of Cyzicus and embark on the year in the fall after the same, that they were already doing.
We had aussimus ^ ιαμές ό όσε% in the nine αιςίσάς O & taeteridibus and.
fcmiffe, that is inxix Tetraeteridibusfieri animaduertiffet, in the year 445.
Iphitco discovered moons are fitted cumSole company in epoch.
veteren Olympiad, that is, the x July 1, fexagefimo quintope year.
Rio Olympics, vicefimo feptimo period Atticæ. There has been a Abiur.
Daic of the year 543 o.cuius charaótcr 6.13.217. Monday fextus, cycloSolis XT ,.
Metonic, and the real Nifanius years of Jewish [MENSESTMTENSES.
7, 21. 68. 3437. The charaeter first week | *** "[***" * ".
MA, March vicefimum fextus, the cycle of the moon the first £ * • |:; ::;:.
Mo, Sunday 2 2 year period with Julian 439o. The [° [****.
Hyperberetaeus fequentis Olympiad 114 [£ * ** [T..
He began on July 24, then other people, precedes [* 7tvofJway.
tooth pane agreed on 2 March 6, she |;:. |:;?..
is a period, as called for by Philip [jwig. i «& wgow.
himself are death of Philip, who, however, his beginning, does not go. £ ?.
he saw it, that neither by his son reigned in his Alexanderautum [ »rvâg. Ἀ. | C.
ILunæD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. B. I. V 1000 50 1 49 '.
A Luna 13. Iulijnona. IgiturftatuitHccatombæonemtam periodically.
flue Tetractericum than sixty lunar July and waned old.
Olympiadic happened, and Atticæ period. Nampro fexagefimofexto be.
Rio sixth Olympiadic and vigefimo oétauo Attic year.
inftituit periods fuse. In this way the reftituit prifci epoch.
Olympicamneomeniam Of the Moon: on the one side but not on that account exorfus.
cit pcriodum, Pyanepfione fed a neighbor who starts seventh Octobris.
for the sake of the battle at Arbela, that is in the same time, is fallen: and by that name.
periodumfuam Alexandreamvocauit. The fact is verifimile ipfum.
nontacuiffe, quasi divine intervention Monday aÜiodoy epoch in ancient Olympia.
topic incurriffc co year when it Alexander conquered. That.
B enimab autumn caminftituerit tells us that Ptolemy. Now with.
Eclipfis obferuare the moon, Solcin Virgin placed in annoquinqua.
gefimo fourth fruitful period Calippicæ. The plumage is menfes the lees of the other is.
obferuata, quinquagefimo fifth year of the Sun Pifc see. En.
change the year of Our Lady of the tibia. Quinquagefi again the same year.
moquinto, and the third was made in the Virgin Eclipfis. A Pifcibus to a Virgin.
is made of the year does not change. It then starts a Solftitio. A Virgin.
there is a change to the Pifccs. From the autumn. The autema cyclo Lu.
Oehler x 1 1 1 Cloaths, so demonftrabitur. Eclipfis fell in the first three.


Page 59


sea. Quinquagefimus the fifth cycle starts from the same year ;.
100 100 and will therefore starts from the first cycle 1 1 1, and confequenter XII to Epo.
Can Callippus autumnalem moreover, to have the lunar cycle.
Here begins, then, by the same autumn, in which, the memorial of the disaster of perfor.
Rum Arbcla to succeed. So in this way as Callippus. However, there xa.
men got so that immediately, the name of Alexander proccderet. Cycles.
lunar vertcnte grow dark, for it is to be thought, for twelve years, after the death of the.
 Alexander, therefore, that first year Tetraeteridis Alexandria with the first.
Tetractcridis Olympic challenged me, and for annonono period.
Iphitcæ would be the first to Alexandria. Nor is it because you are against.
hocmutatio fact, but also in menfibus. Then there Hyperberetaeus.
æftiuis time for the autumn acquittances is, and how once the Olympics.
D. 500, so poftea Alexandrei annicaput fa sacrificed. In the Great.
refcripto some of the Jews, to reveal at Iofephus, the annual penfio.
nes and forgives sins to him, to a nation in the space of three years, the members, vfque to the Hyperbcretæum.
fern, that altogether menfis the year closes, it happens that Hyperb.
taeum entails: IA di you $ ãîoy if 7r6Xις κα'ακιά, διάρμ% ίς τὰ.
mul and xdkx and / Gμάοις, άτλάgíais μωός, ἀτελᾶς διαι μὰς τὰ ἐγ.
That, however, so the time of Antiochus surnamed Epiphanes, the Samaritans fcribcns.
points: ἐκατμβαιόθ 'μιωδέ F # equidcm frankly admit that I do not..
  Intelli5 e s o e p h • 1 1 1 50 Sc A G E R 1.
telligere: Unless, that she believes "it is ἐκα% μβαιό Calippicus A. Moon
ris. & fanc I do not doubt, but that that truth is made. Now this epoch in Syria.
Oh, hold on to this vfquc diem from menfe & tobri Julian for five.
The third Hyperberetaeus: camquc epoch Alifcandria call, ideft.
Alexandrcam. But arabc and several other countries for a long time vfurpa.
from the runt of the month Elul, that is Scptembri, for the sake of the Indians.
     Mr. months he perished.
And making Conftantinianam.Eaq; epoche vo a 50 N 500 E X. R E A..
    . • • • Syromacedonum.cataeftillisJ *% '), C3 Ù »j l> pyºp'iw \ inlNn y.
  . . . "" '* T? N. 2 & # & * mg zvau * 4 * t.
TERICH dilkarnaim, that is ἐποχὴ & àxàg ^ ®. [3T auuesmezer.
Al d δx p. %. If iv.xxa7G. 7τοσει4 \ ay.
@ dixê30 exandro the call, set out below [ZTZJT | JL;.
 •. ¢ 'mg • JSS, and blooms.
below. That, however, Plutarch in his life of Alexandria, É? íaat »and 3ow. _ | B.
DRO fcribit λόον Macedonia menfem effects [35See; parvx ".
• m ^ Swpo Auéw.
When Hecatombaeon same is true [** [ΣΤ..
    AA @ Βατυμ3z.
the fi λως Tetractericus, Hccatombaeon: £ ιτ ** * rtJ.
the moon and Calippicus intelligatur.Nam [ 'r ** ©' *** :.
fecundoanno periodiAlexandreæ HECATE.
baeon moon Calippicus occupied by Julius, λάος veroinuade.
but Auguftor. In fact, there are those that are slower Lunaribus in the menfes Tctraeterici.
years ongoing, third, fourth Tetracteridos.
500 E P E R T H 1 1 ο ο Β 500 V..
N A 5 M. C.
N o a Nabonaffàro 84o, Tybis 2 abfolutos Agrippa AFTRA.
loous in Blthynia obfèruauit Moon iunetae with auftrali Fue.
giving way, and Vcrgiliarum, who was the twelfth year of Domitian, metrou.
1. Time plenty behind the V 1 xx x 1 November,.
Chrifti the usual 92, then the new Mne & tallied vicefimum out three times.
executing Noucmbris Hence from menfis aeftiuus 26 July. He was annusIphi.
868 teus and duodccimæ stages Olympus.
CAE through 3. Where menfis æftiuus three suits [NTENSESTTENSES].
        Athenienfis.
viccfimæ sixth of July in 13 years, 3o, 47. | * "" * "| *****".
dpeyJiovG} • FWTV £ aus.
But in the fourth year of propofitus effect Oh [CCL; £%: D.
iympiadis year was also Bithynicum | # - £ g;.
or fourth fuiffe is necessary to Tetracteridis Bi. | £; g & auuaxtwea.
     J \ oyvoiG. 7τοσ} {\ aw. ,,.
thynicæ, autfecundum: There is a difference of the year [£ [É.
Olympick not vfurpantur in other periods. | £. £.
But nobody fourth Olympiadic Tetraete; * & £ RVX.
• • •. • • • wpy or $ ^ Aua ».
ridis has to start on 2 July 6. It will be [**. [7Jt.
32 year Olympiadicz pcriodi, 3 and.
... •. BITHYNICO.
 D. E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 51 B. I. 5i.
.
A Bithynicæ.Et For this reason, two Olympic annida period of subtracting from the to the.
B.
Id.
the method stages BITHYNICO. There is no doubt it is, but that the period of these things.
by the grace of the Kings of Bithynia, elect conftruéta the case when the menfibus Calippicis ;.
We are fubiecimus Laterculum menfium BITHYNICO so on.
Manufcriptorum Gentile found eofque while Athens had bought :.
E P E R 1 ο ο 500 500 500 E 50 P h o r v M.
P Y T H 1 100 A.
Fua pcriodica tranfegiffe E R oétaeteridas the times of the Greeks, I think.
and since death had the talents of CAPC poffe Docilia. But u £ d "voia, Grace.
embolifmorum us about what is true Xayxdlasaoi; time.
Rum, over the years 7 6 peragimus.quointeruallo included.
oétaeterides noucmcum half of the nine embolifmi how FCI.
Although there are Oétaeterides. Of course, as the Cenforinus fcribit, this about.
effects for the most part, O Greece exiftimauit really had a Great Year, which is out of an.
end with a solid eight turning conftare exiftimarent. He adds the same thing.
fcriptum account that many in Greece religions interval of time.
summa ceremony honored. At Delphi, too, the games, which are called the Pythian games.
Once inftaurari after annumoctauum folitis.

Page 60


teruallo antiquorumPythiorum. fedfallitur, cumexiftimat palms and measurement.
teridi simply gazes at fuiffe, which had τειακονδημόςες menfes am.
nes, as has already been explained by us. In fact, the old Institutio Pythiorum ,.
oétaeteridis, however, the moon, of recentiffima, if, indeed, since, as they lu.
breakers, compared to the beginning. Moreover mistake translator Pindar that.
The interval between the two sets of years old Pythian folidos balcony.
of nine. For O & taeteris diet is also άνεαετη2) 3, which is the ninth.
who in return. So head and said agmek, space ,.
öx% £ n2k how the distance between two Olympiadum, τε.
τεαεΓ?); The head of one memory ray ετά%. Which is why Olympiad ipfas.
Tctrapentaeteris sometimes even the gods & TA, as it is in Cenforino Fr.Pithoei.
It is the beginning of the fifth year. How is called an oracle in.
ETM%; $ éyiajl6. .
You »Aju sides of ztatedo, m ^ ju8 DL 'driz ¢ edge ,.
KowoJixe ia% 4% Y4 £ poi EX ^ fiaoyu ,.
E * j τόέτῆ ἐλ% 4% 4 %% & yw y / ji $.
Delphi and the three magwgida; a break to celebrate. First vol.
cabatur (3jîe / or other igoi ;, third zde / ^ α, as fcribit Plutarch, which.
• \ r.
have never been changed. The fourth and was mgaemgk? Avöiov the.
poftea the τετςαετῆσα redaéta as the Olympic games of the year, as fcribit.
   Paufâ5 2 2 1 1 e e p h o s s c a 50 1 G E R L
<.
Paufànias Olympias 48 tertio.quoAmphi & tyon player trade that A.
In ancient times, the rewards conftituti time, with the trade tibicines. For.
fuiffe of fate, he says, does not leap back, Sophocles in his Eleétra the Pythian agon.
the time of the Oreftis, in the Wetting the Oreften currudeieétum periiffe fingit.Sequen.
ti Tetraeteride, quicratannus Olympias, who had 49 the third, and αχόν he ἀφαίτης.
attend as an Olympic whereupon the Pythias bleached folet. Why did reet.
Eufebius 3 years before the first Olympiad 49 Pythias standpoint.
appropriately. Adftipulatur to Scholiaftes prifci Pindar in Pythionicas.
1 1 1. xα5i5a (3 5, I say, account, and $ ßaoiX rlu) £ ounxo5lu d) ixriw G.
xvii ^ yo / ja * eìxoj; Eyd) on, IIvöidd® τὰ τςοκειμὰ Oλυμπαὐ συγχά.
Y8 £ Am6. If the year is considered Iphias 195 Pythias and 28 the first year.
Pythiads Pythiads inftituta from the first houre is a year of, 1o9, this year, with 'ty B.
nerves will be 3 O 3 Iphis. He is the third year propofitus Olympiadis7 6.
Again the same Scholiaftes XII Olympics: Egyálán, Kg} ς μέρ υ τά γέ.
yeι, πόλεως Ky22 3, δς γωνίσα% ἐδομήκος ω ἐσόμω όλυμπίασα, ζτω.
ÉÉ ¢ IIv & dd'a eixo5lu) άνατ'w. Therefore Pythiascelebrata 49.Olymp.Idem.
Scholiaftes EID \ Pythionice xIIii.yiypafía, the IAO Agxeoi ^ g® LO.
Ἀνμήτε τaιό) Kvgwaig%% Aíévns ® * (% ©% better founds whether the contents.
AIV) wxivdvTi TLU q; iaxo5lu) aegót'w IIvôïdöcz. äioi έ τ'ιω δydonxo5 ^.
Oλνμτιαόα. Aλλ 'Gox aypa ^ / tv eig τω OλυμΛταxlu) civi8 vixlw, xoù% μ%.
τω IIvOixlu)} ρομζω. And he said, Tricefimo the first IIvöidda effects as a result.
O & tagefima the Olympiad. For tricefimaprima Pythias who celebrated.
cit year Iphias 315, which was the third Olympiad feptuagcfimæ hour. C.
Remove the 194 years of the Iphias have a Pythicas years. To others.
For, as we have said, was the first to Dyey Pythiorum ςίφωίΓβ annoIphiti Olym.
piadico 195 41 3 2 pcriodi Iuliano, the cycle of the moon on the sun seventh.
mo, an fexta menfis, which they Bvai%, with Athenienfis.
Thargelion said. For τὸ ἐκτή $ in such a way they want to be born & feApollinem.
Although € apyí, from Athens τά άσόμ 3 to y ^ i ^ & kept folitis.
fcribit Plutarch in Sympofiacon oétauo, in his first vnde.
By Apollo becomes ἐσομαγ%. Pythiadum the period from the beginning Olympia.
^ Piado context can serve to start the year, the attic, that is from.
third Iphis cycle luna vii, xx Sunday in spring destroyed.
IPindarus Olympic XIII. IIv% ίτ 'ἐχά ςτιόίε τιμαν, δουλεθ' αλία D.
dμφ άi. Miw6 to $ @ $ τω xeyiazij to A% a / d. Openly hinted at that.
menfe give Panathenaeorum & Pythian inftaurari folitis. But if true.
is, therefore, the Panathenaic Thargelion, but not to the Hccatombaeone cc.
lebrabantur: unless perhaps we may say something else folenne Atticus, to be understood here.
 And why not here from other public entertainment Panathenaeorum understand cumcon.
fret speech from the 3 'Tiuoxe9% T "Panathenaeorum held folitis τὸ σω \.
xaT 'Exc% μάαωθ, how Olym'pas d:% x and w are ya% £ s.
 gíaisD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. I. 53.
Aggraja Macedonia? And these two games were both panathenaicon ,.
Olympic tranfigebatur than four days. On the final day of the games.
XT menfis, full moon. And these days there was a single prifcofo.
Lenni dedicated. However poftquam propofita been rewards falter, difci ,.
boxing, Pancratij, and he will give back three prifci folennitati praepofi.
and protector. And so, now, from the twelfth to the day they were beginning to menfis, defincbant.
or within fifteen church, which, as we have said, there was a full moon that falls. Poftridiè of this.
is to τί ἐκτή άπί d δια was xeioi ;. Accordingly, if the isg9uluiz AG & xoitm% d% d.
τη ἐγ) iiav £ luajoy, which are called Kegno as set out in the same place.
speech. The fifteenth, to There was a large ieguluia. The Pfephifmate and Ti.
mocratis Panathenaic consign to exdtlw7 d v% eiag, that is, to.
B menfis twelfth day of the moon, just because you menfis first.


Page 61


However, the vtvt we understand these things, it would seem, too, to be gathered from the following passages poffe.
Attic period from the third year of Olympic Tetracteridis cæpiffe :.
that is above the anger from demonftrata. But whether it is the same as the period of the head of those things.
Attica, when he has had, to wit from the winter, Whether a Solftitio, on the other hand to us.
has and has been held without proof protector. However, although the old fcribant Apollo.
τή έκτη * ^ Qk fins, such as Hercules τῆ τετταλ newborn verifimile to the PC.
Rio coepiffe a really adult, that is a menfe ongoing spring, it.
which menfem, so that all the chief men of Tetracteridis, they are merely gazes at fuiffe.
But to come nearer the truth is, they worship Apollo, natumfeptima Thargclionis in the year.
Cquarto Tetraeteridis the soothsayer, at which time the nouilunia is a fertile soil.
Thargelion. What is undoubtedly true cli fententia. For Apollo gods.
Born gaining τὸ ἐκ μ'ιρός Κ ααλήlu as to almost omnesveteres projected.
In another sense ἐρσομα%. If it is born τη άη as the Fig.
3op.ot% υ5 said? Now cauff opened, Born is τη άηχ3 gsAfi.
y'w fed τὰ ἐρσομαὸ Θa £) ^ ιύθ 'ύαμ $ με namely τη ά ἐ τ v% weizς ,.
τῆ ἐβδόμη Θλελλόφ * Tetracterici. Therefore Thargelia celcbrabantur.
τὸ ἐκτη Θλεχλιόθ 'ίιμά8. of the year fecundiOlympiadis: Pythiaautem.
æftiuis third time fcquentis. Pythiorum age sua celcbratorumme.
minit Plutarcho & τῆ λά άπλάλατότων And yet, we / 2). Moreover Nemes.
Ifthmia were the biennial festival, it is not pentacterica, so that growth together is Scholiaftes.
500 Pindar. Why is he deceived by Nen, who Agonas had all four pen ,.
taetericos conftituit. .
In this, too, in the time of quinquenmia the temple profane the notable.
Ifihmia Neptune data / ant, and the Pythian unfamiliar. .
It is one thing, those merits are equal to a five-year, at a time appointed quinquennalc. Indeed.
quennium is an interval of five years folidorum: quinquen.
nate is that fifth year begins. At the same stone encountered.
Ovid, who is from Olympiada solid conftare five years, he says, Vt.
E 3 alibi54. E p h o s s c a 1 1 50 1 G E R L
alibioftcndimus. Sedquare Latinisfuccenfeamus with Paufànias fcri A.
but due to the conflict Olympic Hercules δα τάμήε ζις cclcbrari.
conftituta fuiffe that yourfcif with his brothers, effet number five ?.
We find this truth was able to effect, if the distance of one of Olympias, who effent of the year.
five. The Greeks tlu 'άλνμπασα δα zrefis íí ciyaç not.
I am 7rálé μ%. Why have you not wandered alone by Nen, that Ifthmia.
Nemes and after a number of years, with Olympad inftaurari think, Fed.
ctiamquodOlympiada calls for five years.
ID E P E R 1 500 O O T H E B A N A.
Vs. TI's and O's IM A vM Boeotiorumannus starts aVergiliarum B.
5 right early in the Attic Thargelion. Hefiodus;.
IIλήσσεων ἄτλαγμέωνΣέ.
DGX * $ 'dμη%%% g o δ δύοπούμαω.
a)% d% wvXldg RS £ iuo. © taraegxo / (.
xsxg'42 '). ajjig δ λόχούμε άιω3.
4) ajoJ ---. .
Stop twenty before the sun enters Taurus, and many post ,.
affignat occultation of Pleiades, and to begin the year poftea THC.
the bane of: Though Tiberius did Proclus, nor the civil Maftix Tzetzcsmccum.
service. But clearly, the same girls again.
 TAU% φ / λτιοτέμ $ μ® τάλεσμ $ μον ἐς άγιωτῶν C.
ίσάός νύκτας τε έ άμα%, eiw6x £ y cJ3i ;.
3 ^ 7rajTwy μήτης καρπὸν (ύμμικόν άνάκη ,.
And τ 'ου ἐκοχα μέ τεοτές γελίοιο.
χιμάω, άλάτη ζς ἀμα% .-.
Openly calls ríkXeap $ oy & yiajlbvver adult, namely xae E. E ;.
TIA {dd) and y ἐπίθλής examples are seen at the same Hcfiodeus year.
Pgthio Delphi fuiffe cubes from Thargelion. Why Virgil.
commander to the Hefiodi components, such as agriculture, so in the beginning of this year.
inftituenda, fcquitur :.
The white gilded with horns Amnum.
Taurus.- D.
Neither are these interpreters Vergiliano more affequuntur, quamilla.
Hefiodea PROCLUS and Tzetzes.Sed this time at Olympic, fiquis.
Hefiodus vetuftior first is the same. Now speak of.
THebans period of the year, would care to Athenienfis, Spartan.
whether and ipforum Thebanorum. Μ is the start of capicbat% ago.
πας χάμεωας. I am of opinion, therefore, of twelve, this was the same as the Po.
fidconc, τας αὐαςχες ήμάe9% habuiffe That fine magiftratus year.
CIcarcturD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. I. 55.
Acrearetur. Plutarchus Pelopida: Xai% χειμύ τω αι αί τεο.
πάς ακμω μluδέ σε & τελάτωε φδύογία δλίγω Ζήσω ημάςα, κα).
τὴν Χςχήν ἐde filautia $% ^ αμβασάν ἐτάegu and 3); iyojSj and 3 and 7% v μυός, d.
$ Κακὰν ἀυ μῦ ἀδαλόόας. Wherefore do ye, as I have said, they were there αι ύτεςραλλεσσq.
$ Barracks, to Athens at the end Pofideonis. Why is it elsewhere, if menfis fequens.
it is the beginning of the year? Prime menfis said BexoitiG, answered.
Gamelion Attic. Plutarchus place:% vέμε καλ & ο1® & τ) τά.
τφ μ'ui ajSgd & Ntshav rlu) Bola @ gχίαν ἐría9i ;, Oy Baxdtioy όνομαζεσι. This.
, however, the same man whom he calls the Hefiodus Alueuêα, ejse he thinks of Plutarch.
Chus. Hefychius, AlwaJy. OJ \ jg άμ'ιωό Bo166 $ y & r "x ^ & AI ,.
eixa d $% ^ & # x0 if Baxatio /. JV & § $% w, & c. Secundus McN.
© e f is the Egμύ. Followed by Hefychium:% d äioi Roy Eguóìoy, άς.
μὸ τῶν Bexatió rf. KO § Â§lwäo th Alwawy iogriy% duty, and d.
yeoi. The seventh menfis Aaro} όμ®, if Plutarch person Boeotio increased.
We believe, that the battle Lea & Leuktra contigiffe, Boeotii Lazor} ομία.
p'wòς, Athenienfis Exo 'μβαμόφ i5ap% from R $ 7ríufíin. The ninth LO.


Page 62

 The tenth Actudτςιθ same since.
Pyanepfione. Vndecimus Aλαλκομά® same as maemor & teriones.
But the rest menfes not yet found. Now it has happened and the head of PE.
Rio inueftigarc is difficult, because of the shortage of examples. Phi.
Aristidis tarchos to combat Platæenfi% Urlw τω μαχω άμαχότd0.
% R r ^ gg)% E i5ap from $ ta) A $ lwojeg, x3 d \ Bo161 and rat; αc) § IIøviue 49iyojlos. The year was fruitful Olympiad Lxxv and.
JProinde 298 Iphitcus, periods Atticæ through 3, which Boedromion 1 x v 1.
September, needed ἐαθέσιμαῖος. and for this reason the fourth Boedromio.
The political end of the third was not true, as he also Plutarch or the like.
pres teaches us about Camillo: Good IIigra ulw05} ομιόος ἐκτή μόMaeg.
Sow, agirj d ^ v ^ 2 α'lauaîc duz & z $ MvxaXw II $ Marays. This is true.
τω calls, which Aristidis τετεασα, namely through # 6 £ OV.
Boedromion September of that for seventeen years, and therefore h τετεας, habit.
ta êáúgársos ratio, that is, ή τ, tin, XIX September. Therefore, when.
XIX of September XXVII Paneme Thebâni, Blow Pane.
my match vicefimum quarter Auguft. Consequently, the twenty Lulij him.
OJ of the first new moon of the menfis aeftir, whom Plutarch says the Hippodrom.
miom a Thebanis named. However menfis aeftir only twice in the head.
Matt fell in the Olympic period July, the ninth annotrigefimo ,.
& Fexagefimo fourth. The silence Atticæ years are added to 32 ,.
Thebane may have a period of years, or from the Olympic years.
6. year are to be conducted, and thus false shall Paneme real effect Boe.
dromionem, but only half of Metagitnionem & Boedromion.
Plutarch Lcu and fight again the price, who cast the loser.
So fe56 E 4 1 1 O S P H E S C A L E R 50 1
So productive year Olympiad Ioz so fcribit: $ e & p) auvign authentic @ 3A
So odgouie μ'ινός, άς δ 'A3Joi xaxäov Ex GußaX® $ i5ap it.
πάμή. Manifeftum for example, Exo 'μθαιόθ%, so, too, Iawod and back.
isagogis understood. However, quia non appofuit tlu) Tosiaia 8iaaodgouie no.
poffunt ftatuam.
E) R.
Ο ο's 1 500 P E R N A L A S N 5 100 A.
N O-fourth Olympiad 91, had sunk to the nineteenth from the beginning.
Bellus Peloponefiaci, Demofthenis and Nicias Athenienfis du B.
the food of the war in Sicily, adminiftrantibus, there is now no moon, no.
And you fecutus which is vicefimum feptimi Augufti, in the period lu.
oh i Rana 43 And immediately, the next night, Nicias inhoneftc fefe rCcit.
wise from the fuperftitione lack of, with almost the whole of the army to be hoftibus,.
terficiendum wearing them. Polybius Libri 1 x. Kαι μ! U) Nixiag 6.
} * A $ lwaja, $ egτηγός σuύσμόρθ (j% w% AE τές Σύegx ag $ egr®.
P! A, xgj ^ Assovium Tijger yvxTòg dgμύζ καιο} ῦ ἐς% λα $ άν ἀ τολεμίοις ,.
2 & τύχωgήτως him; do4% ^ i ;, x £ 7te% τῆ (λλήηζ έπλ / 7r & αης, άς τι dewów.
Ἀγοσημασ & αης, ἐπάαε τ'u Aia ^% ^ ylu, Sec. This is Eclipfis with.
it is from Plutarch K> Geier ulwός τετdgrlw @ φδύοντ. & Poftea.
Metagitnionem do the same with the flesh. Oh periods of the year, there was a C.
lympicæ 6o, and are, therefore Atticæ VICEF forth fruit from: of which He.
catombaeon 2 July 5, Metagitnionem 24 Auguft. That happened to.
Eclipfis night, which is a quarter of a day fecutus Metagitnionem. This.
is to τεταςτη μέσχετιιόό γαμέμε. Hence the new Kapreia incident.
In the first dit Auguft. There was, therefore, Kapyá0 that year would be for some time.
Then Metagitnionem partner. yourfcif but the fact cli Hecatombaeon.
Atticus. However, the new Hecatombaeon of July falls on a yo ,.
This is impossible contingerc, except in an Olympic year period 6o. But.
that which was fexagefimus Olympic period. Therefore undoubted.
You Syracufàna same period of the Olympics. How poftea.
Archimedes menfibus Calippicis illuftrauit light, the signal from it to the book of D. rc
with the manufacturer of the Sphere, after the example of Eudoxus, & Callippus are, of whom al.
three times in sua Oétaeteride, the other in sua period 7 6 for several years.
circles, considering that these τάς λκα% ασεις ύ φυομάω account eye.
los knowledge. In this no fue fetched beside fortaffe more ,.
, or less than the number of the circles which, that I might easily be found out from the others is.
polirc, this Sphere beside vctuftiffimos, remembers Claudia.
   less light.
.
i.D E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 51 B. 57.
A less brilliant inscription. And Fane mistaken who fcribunt, fphaeram.
$ Agadis fine, fine κεικωτω, discovered by Archimedes, which is false.
could be imagined. Because of its usefulness periods & fphaeram Agá3y in me.
memory of so great a boon, Syracufani the tomb of Archimedes by the Romans.
to the soldiers, killed a Sphere of infculpi took care to make: which indication I pray this.
Henry quaeftore by Cicero, whose tomb, not even when he was not alone.
gleets, but also the citizens of properties unrecognized effect. She remembers the period Archi.
Medea & Virgil :.
In the midst of two ßgna, Conor, who was the other 6 ,.
T) are among the radio eßripßt whole world.
Times that crop, which stooping plowman ?.
In fact, Archimedes, defcripfi a man's deeds, which he added, of the fashion of the Sphere ,.
I have been with the example of a family member of Conon samij, whom, when he himself are demonstrations of Archimedes.
Virgil joined. For the fignificant this period as Maui.
Melon loquentiOrbis is affecting the aíiod © emoda the company £ τη? / xfi :.
 - Calumque new spring / changes in the world.


Page 63

 PAPPUS Vltimus.
mo book fcribit, Archimedes mechanics is fcriptum beside.
work on the sphere. But though they had rescued us vetuftis, ta.
men we know, does not folumde the building of the works, in the periodic times of the sphere.
fuiffe treated, but also occurred six years feptuaginta that book.
* 100 fuiffe complex, namely the times that the MEFF, which stooping altar.
for, should it be parapegma alibidocemus. Further Girgenti.
Consequently, Kay was the same menfis € ¢), while Syracufànis general, and, as.
I think that double as Pofideon Athens. For'm not mistaken δίμμ € "Kap.
va & on that account become more fully understood in the veteriinfcriptione EKTAZ.
A IM HNohl. K APN Eloy. EzHKONTOZ. This is to fexta.
bimenftris Carnei varying. § iXt); όμή8 Kapwei845boy @ 3.
500 E P E R 1 ο ο 50 500 100 A o n v 1000 ,.
A third Olympiad O O N & tagefimæ ninth sub end of the winter ,.
AE beginning, make fifty years between the Athenians.
^ Bes & Lacedæmoniosi and then is, what time it defignatThu.
cydides, fcribens rd; awoyd & ς πεντηκοντετός entered fuiffe, IIλάςάλα Σrag.
V, 34o3 %%, A £ kpuaie τετεαλ φδύογ% A% ησύαςχοχόE Aλκαχε δ ^ α.
4 / 3ολιόος ἐκτή φδίοίος.Erat 51 year period of the Olympic fourteen Atticæ ,.
2. Remove the Olympic A Period 1 was a 39 year period in Spartan. .
Elaphebolion Matt March. Therefore Artemifia Laconicus Matt Maf.
tij.In period of Olympic, has no place, except years, 38.63 But, nonces.
gruit1 58 1 O S P H E 1 S C A L E R G 50 1
gruit with 38 because it annuseftfecundus Tctracteridis, this is cli A.
third. Therefore, annusTetraeteridis that Laconia is the same God was with the Annot.
lympicæ and, therefore, added to 12 years pcriodi Olympics, so it has.
beasannum Laconicum. But, we do not therefore congrucrit cycle. Why did.
These are unknown to us. Studiofi poffunt menfesLaconumex vctcrom.
£ riptöribus colligerc. In fact, to me indeed is no one fuccurrit, in addition to.
Phliafion. Stephen φλάς. Οιόμαςω δ ά% φλᾶν, ό άύ άκαρ.
zräy. Aaxsdaiìdwoi% £? Jwów äo q ^ x ^ & idqiov aiy, a Cu & E%.
XA, R &; double y cvuêáéna%. Also, KDG € ¢) is cffet mcnfis first.
a mouse in the τωσελήφ being celebrated, and by whose @ Køgea.Euripidcs Alccftidc :.
° ^ λατε μεσοπόλοι.
Me ^^ veoir, $ x $ ilaloyéy τ 'άgeido B.
Xé U ", and τ" ἄλύe9% xAeioïkς ύμνοις.
Σταὰ κυκλας diixit Kapyeia.
Ilae / ll;%) άeg.
Mlwός, detegρδίας.
IIdvy 8% ce αίας. .
It is commonly ill-published xùxxg; For xvxAgg. This tlu 'ἀegy xv ^ dda Intel.
τω τετεαετῆσα armor, the turn of the Old Testament) aeaví $ ^ ^ u can.
eiufdem same day menfis. And other nations be able periods.
confer with the Olympic, which is certiffima & exaétiffima all.
the other rule.
1 500 O P E A S A 1000 5 1000 5 1 O R ,.
E T A 50 1 A A A A M G r ae Ciae 105 tivm.
From the 1000's properties 1 1 inftituit first period of Aristarchi or.
no quinquagefimo period the Calippicæ Oh, and to cycle Meto.
Sundays after obferuationem folftitija Melon & Euétemone attend ,.
496. For this reason, when the current year Iphiteo vltimusOlym.
Piado 1 x 4, and after menfem start dcbuerit Olympiad 1 2 5, it is not.
no doubt, why the period of the Samians Ariftarchca from there on, have started from, that is ,.
as a 41 year period of the Olympics is primusSamiae. Accommodauit joy.
be they menfes Calippicos x ^% K% sharing, and thus, protect properties propofuit, do D.
and fifty years after the seven Couon popularity Aristarchi.
Cdidit fast and parapegmata this cft, φασομάω λασκα% τασάς, ILLIP.
Rio appofuit. QuodnonobfcureinnuitVirgilius In the midst of two / GMA ,.
Conor, Sec. But clearly about the phenomena occurred and Carmen from the caller.
macho: the risings and settings of those who ftellarum. Moreover this problem.
excmplum remaining cities to be less periodoshabuerunt and am.
NCS RD * aiapx & fiuieg; menfi anneétebant last autumn. Do not.
that VED E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. I. 59.
N. ^.
A and which has an impcdit, that we read it, magiftratus others at other times.
produced folitis. For two mcnfes the Lunar * AGV% € ίας. Thus Poly.
Aetolus sharply from lib. 1 1 1. RG $ »gxaigoias Ajia ^ & μάρ ίτοίοιω ἐ ;.
VLU ^ 43iyoT? ioMuseidv from the // lu ^ & %%. Aχαιοι δέ τότε λὰ τω Άχειαόος ἐπι.
% ^%. Note that to. For this is not always co defignat in the time of.
folitis be created, but by the end of the doubt antebrumam, ew% ίς άτεραλλάτaις ημά.
ις two. But he also inv. manifefte that is, teaches τὸ μέρ οὐ κ3 RLW ^.
As njie9 3% V, segτηχω ἐς ἐτύγχανε δεληλυθός τά τω Β z ^ {σόος ἐπι.
Λφ%. gram $ γscę% 6Y8; %% Axouöv Ayos. •.
Oh oh 1000 1000 100 500 E A N N T E N T 1 1 O;.
B h e r o t i o 500 •, •.
surprising, and iaetatisnoftræ the trust account and librorumbo.
\ Goods shortage, and immaniatemporum intervals, for some time.
`` Dopro true and to find things amusing comments and crests.
Fomno and the most advanced, when in reality there was a bitter subject.
doverba those who do, it is not alone to speak a lie, fcd, too, leap back.
lying properties. Eiufmodi to pass, that the father of the Greek Hiftorias Herod so much.
Tusd in Greece fcribit in the fcilicet after bienniumconfeétumin.
tercalari folitis, so that the fempcr habcret fruitful in bringing the gods of the Greeks, and the year.
art, 39o, and every two years, 75o. For the first time since an fcripfiffet.
100 numGræcorum effects 6o days 3 and 7 years conftare oh oh oh 2 52 days ;.


Page 64


While intercalation Greek confuetudinem from 5 to 7 years, 3 O 5.
would embolimaeos and 35 menfes τε rock / 3Muíegis who dies are made 1o 5o.
the former adieétos conftituere fummam annorum7 which he addressed to them, O, that day.
Rum z 6, 5o. Additpræterea to be the usual Greek, IA. A OEG, avu.
gaivooi aj§aywdμ $ μαι ἐς% dioy. & book prolific aa right, you HD 7% v.
Arso in £ άλιμον ἐπεμέαπλεοι ἐγόςίων ἐκκα. Intercalatio place entirely.
defignat the end of both places, namely, down the course of the alternate bienniis. That.
eiufmodi to pass, as they can not alone, because of the abfurditatem to be exploded is made, but of the.
Also like random statement to be passed. First.
500 sigioy àv6xey do not need the third year incuntc intercalare too.
For the Sunday affequcndum course of two years to the Greek defunt days.
ten, and their femiffe so much, but this one did vndeuiginti with the femiffe moreover on the.
ing intervention embolifmi. Why two bienniis progression fu.
praSolis the solid arguments within eight years and 39 years folfti head.
commemorating acquittances will be in the autumn, and in 31 years will come forward.
{Òlftitium is not yet the same as before, but still a long one.
and entrenched. Dcindc put the Greeks faétitaffe, (not to ncgamuspo.
 tuiffè6o ι 1 1 o s e p h i s c a 50 G E R L
".
tuiffe possible) and then they gìoy éwçxçy. If not gay éyexay and therefore not fit A.
fat at all. In fact, of all the intercalatio is made jgày άεκα. But if any.
by way of objection 'tis said of the Greeks: and I am refpondet, you may go nihiladformam.
of the year, but only to the rcligionum pertinuiffe. Why Nemeacus games ,.
Ifthmiacus, Orgia THebans, Dionyf & Aiuaις annotertioTe.
traeteridis celebrated nonautem ipfas specific periods Triete.
rica form conftituebant, but twice iniufte and the legitimate Tetraeteride.
obfèruabantur. Herodotus because it moves so well abfurd.
the form of the year, attributed both to the Greeks, I think; For drag effect on the year.
rum; 54, 36 o dierumputabatur However, with all those mcnfes engagement.
rent 7: axadα, although not all effent τειακονόμ € 9 because íáaigaois.
aîternis interueniebat. Herodotus does not enter whatever confideraret, pu B.
3 54 rcuera annumnon dulled, but 36o days fuiffe. Sedtamen it.
negoantiquitus made it to the form in the vfu fuiffe, praefertim with Ge.
less than accuratiffimus fcriptae testify unto the same thing, ® μὰρ ἐν Σgχαία, in the.
exerted Di gjyav τειακονόμᾶegu% yov, da di iuβολίμες τας άμαὐlόν.
Afterwards fubiicit deftitiffe to be flexible or the form of the truth of the reality from this year, and was by the.
furditatc Inftitut. Tag: èyoufflór Namapud him, is, that the apudHc.
Hērodotum δια τgir8 £ RG6. The survivors fortaffe and many more great things out.
in Greek and that is in praefentia diatribam conieci ,.
I am, however, not more than haetenus or others better fuccurrebant. I ah.
four Leétoribus only that this is a good Prince, it may also be favorable.
dcntibus, and to cxpc *.
They lose P 61.
1 S o e p h i
S 100 50 1 A G E R L
1 5 1 50 1 1 100 AE S A R S F.
1000 N 500 E E E O N A T 1
E P O R T 1000 5 M.
BOOK SECVN 505 St.
ri nn vM Graecumantiquitus Moon was £.
5 Fe as another season and menfium Defcri.
bearing in Greece, it is not how things Lu.
not possessed of reason is not suited to, but not alone reality.
* Centioreshomines fcripferunt, but not poor.
*? COS store in the same letter retuliffe well.
I think it §â effects than those falfo pen.
\\ 3) Fiffe Tctraeteridum system makes it a no.
% *% - $ difputata next book twice. Besides this.
noftra fate conftat natural anti beginning of the year.
walking nonab Hccatombaeone fed by Gamclione and the dicbusbruma.
Blibi ducifolitum. So long as Athenicnfes Gamelion and loser.
aufpicandis aetibus bodies and the captain had menfem ,.
The election was always magiftratus creating the lime Pofideonis.
cast upon where the y> GX, JuJJT, Jjo out of turn three menfium.
cepariorum arranged so that the effect of days nonfolum year 6 3 O account.
menfes τ: ιακονδημόge, FCD and 362 of them incidentals ôz regga.
λ & σος, which, because of the illudbiduum magiftratus annual abdic.
they were, therefore, Diccbat ajapxot fiuipoq. In addition to them.
The election of the new magiftratus creating habcbantur be.
Xgχαιςεσίαι, it said. And this, indeed, was magiftratus.
Is dedicated to creating 100 days until the year orbit to form Aftronomi II.
lorumtemporumpublicarunt. Tuncprobruma, folftitium: Progamer.
employment, is the beginning of the year, he began to ftatuim Hccatombaeonem of the common people. B.
menfes in quibusfingulis Comitiaterna time at which xveia3 & xx 1000.
aiag they called, on behalf of Tetraetericis, Llinares: for the solid, in alternate years, ca.
Who vfurpari started. That may be clearly understood, fciendum Athens.
two top fenatus fuiffe, altcra, ęgìora% j that erantiudices.
vtplurimum capital and very important, difference.
 "ÁutCmA £? E p h o s s c a 1 1 50 1 G E R 1.
ordinary civil and military, and the top responses A.
State. But Areopagites terms with permanent council. Here Sena.
crcabatur may burn every year, once unconditionally and σιςθαλ & σα, ήμί.
ing, poftca admiffo lunar year, in the final days or four.
Lunar if this cli among those four who are above the 35o. Decant.


Page 65

 From each Tri.
admittc oxen, and fifty magiftratus, perhaps, they were created in matters of conduct.
whims. IN accordance with the dcccm of the tribes of the Senate and five hundred and by fifties.
Rum conftitucbant that the co ® rey% xdaio Diccbat, item j ρελλ.
• IJ 7roy @ xoaioy. Three further vnaquæque may one day fum.
gcrcbat and the main subjects. Whilst marching through a 354 days, as many as had not the.
Conditions of the moon, and the year has a wonderful, in every day to be broken through by military and fifty
imperaffent world made, as 3 days with 5 years vnaquæque Tri.
the bus to power, and for tens of three or fcquitur as three hundred.
TOS fifty days fimulomnes rule. The rest are out of the year.
of the moon by aja £ zo, íuígau four, Therefore, these four days the place of the former.
• Argea * ετό magiftratus creating referuatæ. Hocita effect, teftis 6.
pianus Rhetor old Demofthcnis translator ά τΚ3 'Ayo οτίωφ * £} "{.
yo'J, I say, éyô / jiass Χ τόν (άλωιακόν ἀμού, ττιακοσίας τῆκολα τά.
I called ígí23. Τές μωρ Γ ημάe% ^ & EXD CLOTU $ A $ 'Wojo, 2gzcugcciag. B.
AIG dóay Aflx% ©%) p. And y% /% /% ago <3d) \ ay% 6% digχογ%. igyoy eggs.
ό τα% x'aio, τας τςιακοσίας τεῖχοι'α ήμάegς. Trcccntos and then.
and fifty dics their sakes which ruled in such a C. they give one of the ten tribes of the diuife
vnicuiq; thirty five days. In fact, for example, the same yesterday, fi cùwii; 4vAì.
ruled over the ten, fi xsx € 9i3 at this day, to-morrow fi dxaudvii ;. & Ficdeinceps vnàquæq ;.
be broken through i4nuae120 to His authority, in so far as, perhaps, there was a duet. Neither did the fane that.
fifty orders together, but each of the tribes each CX chance.
DUET men who were said aegöadßoi. To her it was the elections were over estimating the weight they prefer.
together. For five 7ra together Diccbat%%% xooiay ge}, Tri.
dcccm herd them into one body in confufis. Now fifty.
Three of Manitoba, said diftinéti {;. Dccet of "cheating.
π $ σεd} οι, who were princes, forty nine others, each.
fcilicet in sua three points. For one of the god} © had been quinquagefimus.
of the body of ά τψάζω: there was a councilor, the Romans, for example, in castris decimusD.
of that the judges, the head of which was of which it Himself. Menfcs the Lunar power of their own.
in short, of all of these were magiftratus &, & were spoken, and TGW.
'@ Άσu components, such as the Athenienfis with Demofthenis and t * 3% tiuo.
Xe% ις, ἐπί Λτάτη τ * t £ V% eiag à-exarn. This is vndecima menfis.
the moon, of the first month, that is, Hecatombaeon metonic. They were also ,.
£ my dgxo% 8% Mynoi4, exa% μβαιόφ AM & Vig, 4vAj; argw% V & vgam ;.
Iiowt) orię.Nequc For Hccatombaeon is none other than the moon, and him.
 dicdum E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. 2. 6 ;.
A tell if Xgx) pertinebatad tribe παιδονίόα. Hoceft, is the eratå4n.
με212 * 7rowö \ oyid \ @ 4va%. Τψάς ἐκκλησίαι κύe and / or in his every street, p.
m menfe lunar surged three states that menfis, TI ad exarn, 1I eìxdâ; ri.
£ W% / ig. Why this year formatantum to magiftratus pertinebat.ncq ;.
Y ca vnquampopulus vfus is a quomcnfes τειακονόμέe9 and Tetraeteri.
des nunquampotuerunt to sift by, do not tuncquidem, close to the year Lu.
Hipparchus corrected issued capital effect. Prime combustion He menfis.
catombaeon of the folftitio. Since the eleven days Hecatombaeom.
] This year anteuertebat head past, and from there on, it was so faepiùs Heca.
tombaeoninScirrhophorioné Tetracteridis not fall into any, in which the faepiùs Aegv.
 τάνεις & dgxoflis magiftratuminibant. Demofthenis Tg6sTiuê% Oy. £ &%.
T; @ E, and Goyo jraw $ z @ 2g) ^ £ yo ujo. §7 'aseent dgxov%. τέ DL & # 39; τάαφ.
 Xoy% \ je © Ã®d) and and c.SiThargelion Tetraeteridiserat grade or menfis.
 if aegv% yeiag, so Üøøø9 / incipicbat% from Scirrhophorione it in.
) Quemincurrebat menfis Mctonicus. In fact Scirrhophorion Meto.
nicusillius year, which was 62 periods of the attic, cut into 1 3 Thargelio.
metonic end, the Hecatombæonautem 1 z Scirrhophorionis.IdemOra.
τῶ κ £ r & Media: Are ^ a ^ & jlaido gΘλόχλιάθ 'said fuiffe the negotio.
δαχή), last years fcilicet a v% yeiag. φυλαζας said, Tlw f ^ ®.
@ia, fiuiag%) am?), τιω & © ayy ^^ jy J & Σκιρροφο2 / * / O ©%.
μάω, Sec. This place does not affequitur interpreter. Spokesman for the gods.
fertc indicates Mctonicum menfem? v% flaws in the Scirrhophorio now.
Popularcm 100 firms, now fall into Thargelion and confequcntcr.
W Hecatombaeon metonic now on Scirrhophorionem Tctraete.
ridis, now in ipfum Hecatombaeonem.Thucydides: Amos & Σταg.
τη ἐφόga, $ IIv3od & ogv ίτι δύο μύας dgxofiß A $ LWA / o; , Μ% rlu) &.
IIordaig μαχμ, μlui one and two je! Χούω%, Sec. Abinitioftatim.
True, this cli a Munychion, the two still only fupcrfuiffe.
Menfo magiftratus Pythodoros. Definebat the illc year, 7% v £ yeiag.
In Scirrhophorione and almost conucnicbatannoTetraeterico.Porro NCOA.
Meniere she said vepluioq x% of exfilu 'to distinguish it from τειακον.
3mu3g2y. Te de civi83i2913 said Plato, y pJwig x ^% K% WLW, όα.
from $ και μόνον δοκὰ Ἀνεός DUOL, E i ^ / g £ © ÉÉÉÃ¤rs μεσημβeiw. Elsewhere :.
. £ 500 from $ Aeiniyvoy & G ;, & $ 3 rs γλίε άλπίς τι ἐγκ% from $ veuluido, & AJ.
£ isagogis íy {σε. Naulwiau this mean Mctonicæ and τάναιάα /.
] When the menfes Lunar alternispleni and hollow desirable for the radiation.
J% 1iege. i5ap from $ dicebant τ * ίτη ταύε, and what those menfibus hollow.


Page 66

 The reason.
In the end we paid Bocdromione §3a / 3doiuaια, as an example.
Economics Ariftotelis supra we produetus DC Mnemonc.
the tyrant Lampfaceno, in which the diferte oftenditurfex £; One 36o DC.
2 \ 1 \ 1S64. • • e p h o s 1 1 50 1 S C A G E R 1.
folitis end brand, also Thy 1: Itlus) Kap out for $ tlu) d) and the other men jiegy A.
fibusdici folitis fuiffe. Why is repetendanonfunt.Sic Mofchopu.
íuíagς right to Hefiodi 177. A £ 'You WOIO) qgaxo5'w 44ον άνατωèeixo.
slw.Iudæiprimumdiem menfiscaui dicuntfecundum.Eftoexemplum.
menfeElul out. So fcribunt sixty Apr. »pfius cinoipy% £ 3 *** is pviy js. So out.
all in hollows, menfibus, is declared by. Day said, the first men.
f cauicompenfatdefeétum it. Quiaquumpro first sets fč.
second, vltimuserit tricefimus, it is not xxix. And so, all mcnfes lu.
tgaxdda have committed the same way as the Greeks. Estuary.
Likewise menfibus Lunaribus vfifunt Greeks, so much so that Azoroy translator.
are still a number of the times of the nations, to say the gift Græcorumcamanni.
retinuiffe form. τ & τά σε τὰ μ! UI ά% $ & *} zroA ages Rhy / Tixover μεgô B.
hayayfi and no A, and ά) τολλοι ἐγ άλλω.
O e e T E R T A 500 100 1 500 100 50 e e t i o S T R A
TY IM vs. Solon is the author of Athenienfis τοῖς ἐμíegς κ% CA% iw.
»/ •. •.
{G ^ V as fcribit Laertian. This, however, fruftra propofuit, with the.
 Athenienfis menfes the full $ τςιακον9fiu £ E9 mission.
Moon finally Clcoftratus Tenedius Oétaeteride issued by the Athenians.
filius fcripto expreffes, that Solon is eloquentia, had not been able to be.
For when you were iamomnibus persuaded effet, even the year Of the Moon effedierum.
, three hundred thousand and fifty-four, lunar solar system, however, the greater light.
diebusvndecimpræcifecum effects quadrant, Cleoftratus animaduertitC.
'O & Lunar years to complete as many exceffus Solaribus fyzy.
gies ninety-nine days is that 29 2 2: How many days fcilicet eight years.
SOLAR conftat. In eight years, the number of Solaribus fyzygias fear.
cifes spend exiftimauit, which fyzygiarum forty eight angles.
cava, the remaining stalk and τεσκονόμέe9. And there is the interval of the days.
& Fyzygiarum thought?) 4 yoμ $ μω λασκαλέεσσιν possible, and the Moon.
cumSolc, itcmquc φαινομέγων of all the points to the same rising and of the West.
And then redire, from which thereby for the first time. Ifte the Cleoftratus (elsewhere.
Leoftratum find, poorly fed, so I think) the first Greeks and figno.
Rum partesinZodiaco hath set downe, &, and the beginnings of Arietis Sagittarij, that out of the Ph.
mo & HYGENIA collect and about Olympia 50 x 1. D. inftitut
Oétaeteridis the capital necessary for the winter, as well.
youngsters caftigatu Harpalus pofteaidem time feruauit, as well as τοσά.
d% d y Reg © oftendit Gamelion haetenus fuiffe menfem first time.
of the year to an Attic when the whole of intercalatiodebeatur Finian, Pofideon, however.
d £ © matter is intercalaris. On the winter solstice, is to be understood is not disg9.
voμικός fed τολ / τικάς as the Welsh negotiated attics. World.
For iphias, who make the first, Olympias, at inftaurauit, vernal equinox, spring.
 IllJmD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. 2. 65.
Art was prepared in a dedicated March, Solftitium Kalend.Iulij.Sed neo.
menfis Olympick fell into the walls of the first sixty July, that is, the V 1 1 1, either.
1 x degree of Cancer. epoch in her, nor has ever been anteuertebat.
Why first of all Cleoftratus oftendit Greeks popular properties.
v 1 1 1 quarters of the world effects on the signs, and that the poft.
the atheists, believed in such an extent, so that Sofigenes the same unto Cæsar, Cæfar pofteritati perfor.
strikes. But if there is an eighth grade cancer in the eighth of July, the eighth gram.
Capricorniin due fexta January, with an interval of 182 fitdierum with.
a half. But if the first year of Olympiadic have not been native Intercal.
RIS is an mcnfis winter, Quief Gamelion Friends, conueniffet.
on the seventh of January, immediately after the step & So was Capricorn. Namacapi.
{B will Hecatombaeon head Gamelion, there are six præcife Menfo, Sec.
duæpræterea ajapxoi fiuâgu who made 182 days, how many fcilicet abviii gram.
du Cancer to force 1 1 Capricorn. The new moon nearest the menfis bru.
the evil is in the VII ianuarij, but whom the ends of embolif} will never be overcome.
my intervention in February fummouebitur. All the menfe.
funtpleni dialog and hollow, IIOO% d% d érsg © y too full. Written protector.
Oétaeteris Now, as we said, in the ongoing Olympiad fexagefimo.
first, ten years after the obferuata Anaximandro directions.
Zodiac. The cycle of the moon, x1x, Sunday vIII.anno Jewish; 2 27 libitum.
Schebat 4.I. January 76, VIII, annoperiodi Atticæ quinquagefimo.
ongoing, ποτάσεύος άη έ νία. This was the start of an O & taeteris first time.
Cnorius & menfium to Lunar aegv @ & G, which yourfcif with the Canon ftel.
seagull East and West and expensive fignification streets.
cauit. Canon to the ancient Greeks; .
aj§grMyuæ call. Double, αj from O c t a e t e r 1 s.
χάμ μω τgojja% £ $% & *% AioMuzoïy 1. c e s o i R A T τ
aj§ατήγμοισιν Gex Xairiy (Oy $ j% λμα T £ Itti.
των γάοί). This is a, $%% τήγμα calls τάς 34lagl E | passuom.
"• / O 2» • 53 [§.5 || 33 _ 1 _.
o; j; i; φῶ ἐπιτημαοῦ Times 4 ** "* H * |; i ;; Li ;;.


Page 67

 By virtue £ -----.
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _. 1 * 2 l T9 | 500 100 || Jan 27. | 7 3 8.
truuntur the ninth Their inuenit -.
ta /ecuti./íderum rise and the West, torn *** | * | * [** '*' '' **.
BOYD peftatumque fígnificatus labor, 4 | by | From Feb. 3.] 1476.
êuêtemom, Callippus, Meto, Phi 5 | 3 || G || 23 iaa. | 1 85o.
 . • R: • • ' "~ -.
blear-eyed, Hipparchus had »£; t; ** "". | 4 | F | .ian. 2, 1;.
[4 t7'0L0 £ .- ■ ---- ----.
Whereupon, the caterique jir 3gta, prepare 7. | 5 | 500 || 3o Jan. | 25 68.
scaffolding dißiplinas inuenerumt, 65 -----.
For they could see expounded, and they left. Where's | 6 || c | "In | •• ••.
Um fcientia equal to fùfficien. . . .
I give, were it with such care, that they also may be seen diuima the mind of their own.
s. F o s e p h 3 peftatum {36 1 1 50 1 S C A G E R 1.
peftatum ßgnificatus poffuturos the first sentence. Quite clearly suggests that A.
what, it becomes a j $ gyuz. The common version Vitruuij read Eh.
latter maintains Calliftus, Melo5, for which we have corrected the Euétemon, Callippus ,.
I harvest. .
500 100 e o t a e e H A R T E R N A 50 1 500 t.
c T E A T E R 1 Die Cleoftrateæ vice deprehenfum is quickly ,.
 Oi'i Tetraeterides Olympics with two angles menfe Embolima.
days' folidorum 29, 4, Oétaeteris however Cleoftrati days.
the same number, two feet less. However ncomeniæ first Tetracteridos and three.
executing as they enter coincide nouilunia that we vberrime previous book.
difputata protector. Why the new Oétaeteridis fruitful Cleoftrateæ B.
incident on the penultimate day Tetraeteridis ongoing, anticipates no.
uilunium a couple of days solid. Vitiofà it is Oétaeteris Clcoftrati. When.
duarumTetraeteridum the distance between the two nouilunia.
ìeétumfit, did not hesitate to Harpalus, that that is made up of iuftis fyzygiis county.
dispose it. For everything that is the distance in the same thing with nails, of the moon dcfincns ,.
taken, by whom, it is merely the moon, that is pure menfibus shaped.
conftans. In fact, unless beyond the ancients also of the Gentile menfem Of the Moon cenfuiffent exhausted limbs.
"Days 29 hours 12 '. Never fpatio 24 iuftam fyzy 29 days.
gies Lunar be poffis exiftimaffent. This year, the lunar cft.
3 days, 54 hours, 1 day z.qui & horæoéties increased dantdies.
abfolutos 34, 28 and 29 of the 24 detraéti leave 9a day quifuit C.
menfes three plcni Embolima. But if the 59 days 24 days 29 diuidan.
tur brow forty two Tetraeteridibus nouemparia.
menfium full and alternate cauorum with dicbus addition trigin.
ta three, that is, fifty menfes full vndequinquaginta.
cauos and excelled for three days. Therefore, in Oétaeteride, which conftat two.
the bus Tetraeteridibus Olympics, there are fyzygiæ Lunar ninety.
Nine, that if He were all full, production of all 297 days Oh, about that.
dctractis the bus 29 duarumTctraeteridum 24 days, they remain 46, differ.
rcntia cauorum and fully menfe. So forty and sex.
ncnfes cauifunt the Oétaeteride, and consequently there will be fifty three.
plcni. menfium that the economy gained difcrepat a godlike D.
ftratea, For in that they are full of menfes in alternate years, and I have not sinned: and in this three times.
menfis cft cauus than He, almost, and sometimes the fourth day. For 99 per diuifis.
46. ​​remanet Z that is both fyzygiæ cows with a single fyzygiae ,.
It is only the third menfis cauus Jgitur, and this army was reduced from á confurgat.
integra fyzygia. then Jesus does not in the third, but the fourth, menfis is ca.
servant, as he teaches Progreffu arithmetic and PotC ex fubieéta tabella.
animaducrtcrc. _ • *.
  MHNE>.
•. Ar, E N 500 1000 500 e £. E P O R T 1000 1000 V Li's. 11.;.
^.
• •.
J.
ie. $ 1000 K Σ h n e o o i 1 A.
• * § V \.
• •. .
§ g r i.
άμ & A. & | IAapw6oa. Safy ^^. ixgvpu6. 3 J} ομ. aauuaxt. 7rvat al. 3.
SS | ίλ & # N3. Wisdom a. igτμ. ßaJ} ομ. aauuox7. .
ίμ € ολ. »| Xauna. iaapng. ovjo ?. uatajejtr. zvav * !. πανει4). •.
J × signs. ίλάφng. awjjo ?. ßondλομ. Auaunt uaxtum.
e | djSw * Mp. μωνx. ouÉÉ ß: ndλομ. Auaunt uaxtum. .
άμ £ A. * | 24 "* ^. IA & pw €. Sαργηλ. I "gτομ. ßond} ομ. ττοοεισ. .
And [*** ^. άλέπέTSE; yX.TigTA.T3'J; oA.TTEET.
$ | ajSwwp. μ * νx. aujjae. μετνχεττ /. 7va / 4. ποπιά.
MH n e o N A T H 1> A K T E A T H 1 A P O>.
© A K A K E> t o n e t o>.
1. . GOES.
1000 h n e Σάros op $ rwr.] £ dew DNC 3. 5. ' froc Marcus | £ TVR's. | §τος ς.] Ἐror 3. | * Dew m.
X3 'ovAwlw.
& yaunau. Eaaa. Ζ ττοησ. 7E vawv.E »Auna. [G. } Αωλλ. Σ τνον. Ε »au" "f" auaa.
& ajSwwer. E ajSwv. Σχμ. a ^ u ^. [. ***. [E Ass n. 4) »« WA |; I & SW. Fast.
& iAapw3oAu. * Ίλε £ n. | "Y" RSV. divSur us. [10 tâa ?. [10 & SSC. 9) Gysser. [E iaap. [Xiaa.
μανχά. 10 imâ? N. * Iaao. J ib ". ZAvrvx. 10 iaa ?. x <£ a "p. A VJ & yvx. {Μαὐχ.
P * R *. Χμα. : Μκrvx. ¢ A "yvX. * Swpy. X8 Awvx, <Parvx. B) Swpywa. [5] Swpy a.
exuppo @ Oeroe. x ^% Swpy A. IXg, Swpy. aJ Swpy. ΓΕ auee. x $ Svpy. ix Svpy. JV auee. £ axuí :.
& iww6a. 3 auj. | On the}. An £ x} j. [Eiwar. X3 Ava. x. oxihi. [5 ATF / Ag.
ur), and • rtu. ■ iwtp ^ | x ig7. »• Gr. Euatv. " 10, ixart. SS irate. Le μέτμy. Far «».
• £ / '* ._ z u ur ****] *** ». *** | *% *% ■ U / • ". The utwy. % G.). [FG. J).
W & laevaw. Κ ßawd). Gawd 76). 73 G> a. [Tzvar. x% ßcwJ. [X gcn4). And Λ zvw.
pauuameu & R. N ztvawv. L 16 zvw. we, 7rvar. | J aauae. 3 Avar. 15 Avaya. l. Aa / 1000. y usu.

Page 68

E motives and β ap. [Fap. ** *** [5 tvowJ.2 ;. Aap. 3 aauo. ■ zmarad.5, untroubled.
προεισ \ ay 3 Σ το * *. O 2 [! 7τοαει4M. O O ■ vosig. Oh.
 . i.
The board of New Moon Subiccimus addition to the Lunar fecun.
as long as the political equable menfes of the year, that is has been rich in menfes tetrum ;.
tcricos. This is the real Harpaleas Oétaeteridis J / n4o4oeia: quip.
cft pc which is nothing else, than to mcnfium Lunar with the same level.
That's no comparison here. So, when the moons orbit Gamclionis ncomc.
Gamclionis inhibits motion in the first year compofuimus not fail.
and appointed his Harpalus: (No one is Gamelion the equable, for him, were treated.
:) but the moon was the first year since deprehenfo acteridis O & Bar.
Palisade will not be opcrofum diuinarc stock quotes we Gamclionis smooth.
Gamelion is available to suit the new moon. For if he, by the grace of the Word ;.
neomcnia first Gamclionis orbit Harpalum fell for a third.
dicmGamclionis the equable, rcliquit wishes all ncomcniae eundem for.
F 4 grcffumi • •• •.
"68. . . E p h o s s c a 1 1 50 1 G E R 1.
Greff fèruabunt For example omncsncomeniæ three sides and A.
they were. The more we know of that epoch of the head, but not the Oétacteridis ,.
How patriamipfius Harpali. However conftat start feciffe abruma ,.
that is teftisFeftus Auienus as translated into :.
% \ Nunclongoredeuntiafidera on my motion.
In pri / to mention / buildings. Has iftapriorum.
The page and the uncertain nature of the news. .
% \ Am the sole hibernation arising think athere wanted ,.
As the moon / Patio returns to old Harpalus IP / A.
Faster IM / £ give each moment prissa reduces..

      .
* * *.
From the winter incepiffe Cognofco & A and B. I άνεσετῆσα
which vocaffe; not that the solid conftaret for nine years, so that hallūcinor.
fefto be fed back again for the ninth year in the world: as.
pentaeteris & trieteris diet as long as they are, not from the numeroannorum, that is.
the bus conftabant, but those to whom it incuntibus Xaoxoilasaoi; Everyone :.
quaestiones he we say that the fever of a quartan fever, does not mean that interuallaha.
Beat the last three days, but that on the fourth diem, too, the world is again given.
So Harpali Oétaeteris admiffà of the Parapegmata & fignifica.
ftellarum adjustment, and this is the second period aegv @ eia3 which Athc.
nienfes vfifunt, Pliny also says fignification fiderum & tempeftas.
Then Agojjfiv $ Harpalo cited in the title of the book xviii she stays there.
of the claimed, as from the eiusparapegmate. Cumautem this Oétaeterisfit C.
29 days 24 days equal to the O & diuifa to give the amount of the year fecun.
While Harpalum, 6 days 3 hours, 5 t flue Aequin & ialim 12.
Why manifeftum the mistake is in the Cenforino, where the differitur of dc of the year.
Has been rich in the quantity of the solar Harpalus, Nearchus, Now, here, we read of Harpa.
Clear sky definiffe year for five days as fexaginta ,.
And thirteen hours after addition æquinoétialium. Ehim le completely.
caused twelve hours. And that no man can doubt that, the error is the same as below.
ápud eurides where the Arminon of Egypt to the thirteenth year.
Menfo & perduxiffe five days. The year Ægyptiusnon efttredecim ;.
but twelve menfe. Otherwise Oétaeteridi Harpaleas füpereffent.
9 hours and to fupr 3934. But there is no ficret equation. " While D.
dminis'æquationis to be made of the nature of the law of the iubeas fiihil rcliq fioraria ,.
or förüpularia. Only the bottom abeft intent to O & Hours,.
ccffione readily available when Lunaribus wall in front of it before the end of their iuftum.
O & taeteris Iongior happens in other places demonftrantur. "We Oétaeterida out.
EU & Cluf Enneadccactcris rate, and Metonis Which Proximedia.
ccndum was EudoxiOctaeteris unless we recalled them, which Metonisqui.
dcm pcriodo pofterior is; because of the nature of wood cognationcm.
£. i. • • i. continentif) E 'E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 b. 2. 69.
From the effects they supposed that the smoke of the continent for the rest of Oétaeteridibus fubiiciendam.
Deca igiturprius it.
O e e T E R T A 500 100 1 500 K.
5 10 500 e o i
V 500 oxvs Cnidian, a suo learned of tartar and Mathemat.
TÆorumprinceps into Egypt happens there for a year and menfe.
In addition, four integers, priests and Aftrologia the work.
dit, and Oétaeterida fuamconfcripfit that teaches us Laertian: $ τάλg24.
μῆνας τάς άιωτά διατίφάσα αὐτὰ ἐνθέμέρότε τω ίρω (legovzrj.
w'w) § 643u), τω άκαετηδίδακαῖd Nyag AV %% \ Vou.Is igiturcumin Aegy.
B PTO effect annotertio Olympiad aming & cclipfium intervals, quasin.
monimentisfuisnotatas habcbant Aegyptij, interfecompararet, disgusted.
And he laid hold fyzygiam has been rich in abeff banished Harpalus, closer from the truth, than to.
fyzygiam productive Oétaeterida Cleoftrateam. For fyzygia faith.
According to the Harpalum days 29 hours æquinoétialium 1: 2. But.
has been rich in Cleoftratum, indeed, the same number of days and hours, but also ;.
Only one hour later. The reason for the difference Harpaleas into account.
Cleoftrateæ difference is duplaquadripartienstricefimastertias.Qua.
lodging, maiufcula is made Harpaleas, which he brings about genuine fyzygia; Endo satisfactory.
xed; one hour after effects exceffus Harpaleas fyzygiæ above the real fyzy.
Lunar lifts, which defined the 29 days, 12 hours, #, or, more.
100 is the same thing,;, vniushorae. Idcoque system real differences fyzygiæ to play.
tion Cleoftrateæ differcntiæ, is twice the other. Since then Oétaeteride.

Page 69

fintfyzygiæ ninety noucm fi # 12 to 29 hours a day unverified has.
deterred modumvniusveræ Oétaeteridis 2 9 2 3 days, 12 hours, which eftdi.
midius days. Accordingly, two Oétaeteridibus three days fupereruntfu.
rationcsSolis premises, and confequcnter the vigintiO & taeteridibus are equal.
aXXot / d \ xoxemjJ \ £ ten, thirty fuperabunt dies, which is mcnfis integrate.
ger.Quare of Eudoxus, from the period of the great conftat Oétaeteridibus vigin.
ti, or Heckaedecaeteridibus the ten, one of which takes place on the last purpose of diminishing.
thirty days. And hence the whole period Eudoxieft days' 5844.
they are praecifè year Julian i6o At 16 years, then thought better.
500 menfem dropped poffe than a day in the XIX metonic years. Which though.
inept than men. Inconfulto apace and so is the lead oétaeterida.
after enneadecaeterida metonic, quamiufte Enneadecaeteris men.
it is preferred to all O, with the taeteridi Dofar Metonis. Therefore fcripferit.
3 year Olympiad aming cycle of the moon on fextus, Sunday oétauo in.
ftituerit Oétaeteridis the start of the folenni Egyptian quodvoca.
they were late. Or late, which was cut at the time of winter.
finished, he asserts that the smelt, in exGcmino, it is not difficult to divine will happen, who will dics.
Iulianus7 O 1 O S P H E 1 S C A L E R G £ 50
 /.
Julian, it belongs to that time, if it should confide, to whom of the day menfis aj) º A.
»© Parapegmata fuoaffignauit diem of labor in the winter. For when.
Euétemon harvest and the start of the year fuum forgive you xxv 1 1 June ,.
A winter day centefimum oétagefimum up its count.
by Solftitio, only pulling the effects of labor for the fourth diemabruma EU & VC.
rumdie the winter solstice, vtnotatum eftin Parapegmatc Atticus, and Atticus to whom he agrees with that.
28 days of December. If, therefore, ioiaia then fell down in the winter solstice, ca ne.
ceffeeft incidiffein 28 December, although the real day of winter incidif.
EratannusNabonaffari set at 27, 383, 2 3 NeomeniaToth nine.
October, on the first day. Blow Paophi 2; December. Therefore ioiaia the VR.
IPaophi. However, two aduerfàntur. altcrum of which is, that it is not in men.
Fe Paophi seen fuiffe Iaiz ,, but in menfe Athyr who, poftcaquam B.
there was a, he meets with those of November Julian. But in November.
Iulianumconferütur ifia old poetain description menfium how.
In Cataleótis find noftem. There seem not, for of the Noucmbri so scriptum cft :.
This Carbafeopoft limbs dressed amiétu.
•% / emphidos old facris, deamque worships.
CAE is hardly eager / jiro comp £ / £ whether we go / or ,.
Deuotus / Mie / inhabitant sharp AMemphidiis. .
They are in the Athyr ifia openly, and not in Paophi. Other than that.
Reprehcndens fuifæculi double error that fempcr affignabatbru.
In accordance IfII roaming Nabonaffari year, the year before I 2 O in the winter.
cidiffe the ifia. Therefore from time to Eudoxi tempusillud, QUOFI li c.
Red fcribebat twin elapsed only 1 2 o. Proindc illc.
3. In this way Geminusfuerit 5o from the Nabonaffaro has been a year of far more ancient.
Parchus. I think that it is not. pofterior far it seems. To prions.
something which is rather dubitationcm rcfpondere poffunt, folenne at Memphis.
November was not nearly as ioiaia effects, but also gcoy OGIER / d®. For dqpdvio.
p.6; Ooi2430 session x v 1 1 Athyr, tefte Plutarchi cft.
x 1 1 1 Noucmbris Also needed Ooie / J \ @ mcnfe same celebration.
, namely, from the Calendar as conftat rufticum, that exftat in Rome, in the which they are.
In November, menfe to Athyr refpondet, sestum E vr e're no.
longed for cft.T% and gained Numatianus meminitinfuo Itinerary :.
And it may well evoke a crossroads rufiica part D.
AMulcebant / sharp spot on their sport. .
Since the last 1llo couch Ofir.
Arouses on the increase, albeit broad blades.
Paul previously had told J foluiffe after the rise of the Pleiades. It clearly no.
be- & gtoi withstanding) menfe of November. And furthermore, there were other things.
folcnnia Ifidos so that if push N 1 bird oivM menfe in March at the same Ka.
lcndarium & LACTANT. & Apnl. lib. 1. A vm p c = A x C, it was as AR 1 ,.
International 500 E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E A T T P O R V 1000 50 1 B. 2. 7th.
A T E * A A A A PI menfe April. The other side of doubt, nothing at all.
The answer that we have. But this vtcunquc are, of labor.
Oh, and by the start of fumfit taeteridis fuse proximonouilunio after 28 Ten.
fever, this is a cli scebat Jew was 3 years; 96, the charaeter 3 2 3 7 6 z, e.
, Syria, the fourth, of December in the XXXI, as he was come, however, ncomeniaPofideonisem.
bolimi metonic delay prifci epoch dievno and tunceffetin.
Ikalis. Ianuarij. Then there began to be broken through Oétactcrida, IIOO {σεωφ d.
7ige d Ah, the head of Julian poftannos 161 precipitates vfquein.
Oh January 3. But ἐζαβάσά again in the last thirty days Ten.
"Fever returns, and so readily available when Lunaribus equal.
B E 50 100 E N T E R E A T H 5 S O 100 1 500 1 St.
E h o c is the reason conftant shaped. Approx.
Abeft not a true ἐκκαιδεκαετη2); Eudoxum. For real ἐκκαι.
d \ xzethek Jewish holiday of days equal 5847, as also Eudoxea and more.
414 hours, the exceffus fuperat Eudoxeam. But fyzygia not eftpræ.
cifes, having received the chronicles of the 29 hours, by 12,;: or, what is the same thing is, the days of 29.
+. (For this 29 hour a day. 1 2 than the 295 Oétacteridis fy.
zygiamconfummant.

Page 70


I warn you.) syzygy is præcife than 29 days, hor. Z § 1. Why did.
ùzrsg9χύ true solar year will be above the Lunar 1o days, 21 hours later..
R, C 2 o4.quæ omniafioéties complex, will enjoy 87 hours of 2. 47 x.
who are, indeed, three days, no confummant menfes: Llinares. O & Ideoin to.
intercalary menfes three years, to be poffunt They were made of enncadecaeteride.
Proven. For the eight enneadecaeteridibus made intercalation.
fifty six, fifty happens in the XIX and Oétaetcridibus.
seventh. One of the menfis abundant after the year 1525 does not, however, Vt.
he wanted labor, after 16 years, oh. The Curill difplicuit Enneadecaeteris.
Melon, there poffis cöminifci, except that we would always end.
a vessel incruftare, and chose rather to find fault with, than difcere.O & taeterida au.
Likewise Eudoxi Dofitheus Archimedes familiariscorrexit and iterumcum.
parapegmatc caftigatiorc games. And so often old and ἐπισημα.
) 500 aiau; £ 4 / yoμ $ μων Dofitheum Test produce fcito effects of Eudoxum.
Indeed Oétacteride & parapcgmate fed by Dofithco correétis. Parapa.
GMA with Oétaeteride Cicero calls fast or as yourfcif lQquitur, and hunger.
ftus. % \ Ec will lose Eudoxi fast ammus. Poftquam out double.
Dofithei Parapegmata also produced immediately fubiicit the Test.
Neither of Eudoxo. But first, it is due to Eudoxus, both to bee is po.
fteriore edition of Dofithei, pofterius, however, from the first solution of Eudoxus. Why.
Many vcterum O & tacterida Eudoxi Dofithco. attribute tcftc Ccn.
Forino..
** Cy 2 1 1 e p h o s s c a 50 1 G E R L
.
Forino. Illuftrauit the same O & taeterida commentari6 & cxpofi A.
tion Eratofthenes Cyrenaeus. Some of Oétaeteride lcgitur with it.
Cenforinum: He also is a great all around is truly animum eßeplera.
que Grecia exiftimauit,. The turning of the animis / olidis conftaret ,.
Specially in the year that can match the great protector. ^ For a day / unt solid one son.
less one hundred years of channeling / noisome O & O. This mutilated by copyists.
So there are fupplendum% For nomingenti hundred twenty days are solid.
two, men / less than one hundred, Sec. Pliny only the dc Oétaetcride.
He understands when his fifteenth fcribit 1 1 1, xx Div. We must show equal and 5.
it tempeftates IP / As the heat to hold on for four faos stream and eafa.
to return to the nature of the Sun is not a great difference: oéfomis those things, however, can be increased / AEM ,.
The moon cycles pe cent% MA, Sec. This has been shown parapcgmatis Football.
orthodox and Dofithei Haupt, quaequidem were issued together with the oétaeteridc.
Eudoxea.
500 E 1000 N A N A L N E T O N 1 1000 S ,.
1 v s n e e e e e A T E R E A 500 1 500 K.
V 1's orbit Athenienfis effects can immediately year, when the ad.
f of Canons of the Oétaeteridis defcribcretur, based on a comparison vtriuf.
Mie O & taeteridis Tctractericæ Moon Harpalc, fcire po.
tuif. For the first time, and although the inftituto Octaeterides v%.
veiag Harpaleas we do not know yet for forty years magnanimous C.
confecutam effects necessary for the proof the new Moon, you can make out of the same.
in comparison to collect. And so, Aristophanis Olympias 88, Amy.
inhibits the staff, nephelia docensinducit Moon with Athenienfis ex.
poftulantem that menfèsad Moon is dcfcriberent fed DOE Ts x%.
xdτω κνόοιόοτάν said. For those who think J & holiday folennes culture of Lu.
næ & Oétaeteridis obferuationem survey of the year due to foreign inv.
prudentcr to celebrate. The Plane Anomaly O & taeteridis match :.
Metonis fuccedente year until it is deeply defitu, Theophra.
ftus Aë ompeiay yd afft & ττόματων. δό έ dyafioi% y u) 131678; 7ud ;.
d529 / 6uoia esophagus oiov Ma ^ gixá, ew M $ um xae £ Aςτετύμy8, Ky € εόςe %% ;.
& Taga @ Xτὸ δ 1}) s, e φαινός A row Xai%%% Avxtiugm aêrôgo D.
ztás awäå Oh, Taj mere DX throughout; τά 3 ävög d %% éxoov & iajlov om% from £.
JE A $% μ g) and {μ yδέ x®% A% ύου, ό όέ y Mar & A $ lwaìG. " Metonigi.
tur Paufaniæ suite, that at that time he was taken, of the Greeks, infignis Mathems.
flourished at the beginning of the war Peloponnefiaco a purist, a man of experience is the mo are not alone.
Your Coeleftis, but also aquiliciis and libration is highly valued. Therefore &.
Athens has introduced sources, such as wasps is the author of the comic μονοτεάτω.
ti; Ay ό μ%%% φ29 J %% v / 7 and y ;.
MörævD E 1000 N 500 E r. We MP 1000 O R V Li b. 2. • A 73 '.
C.
).


".
A Maray 6 "/ Xoyoi%, 6d | J τας xgησς ἄγων.
Why have you come here, alluding to that Manilius, noftcr in the Apotclefmatis, sub upon the Aquarian.
RAIN & Aftronomia said nafci.
Even he did, those who were bent in the spring, so that he shoots vrna ,.
Iuuemilis and related benefits 4quarius skills.
Look under the earth; cresting and will introduce it. Sec.
guippe the world's face, / Out / Mie move.
Starry sky 720ZZ4772 spring / changes in the world.
Manilius is not equal to the whole is more noble in the place, even though, once when he did not think of fate.
we did take, the old, in this regard, which was due to their lack of training, for example.
* Coeleftis kept of all changes to its complete wash with.
uerfionem occur when Sol and in the same time to run.
They did this, in which previously discovered, and long Oétaeteridis.
the faith of fufpeéta, there was not, then, the measure Xavxa% das2 her exhausted limbs; 7ráÀòc%.
nonfolum crowd, but also a learned code. And so the feast Auienus out.
Græcorumlibris said :.
* I'm now returning the faith a long motion.
I'm prifea mention /edes.-.


Page 71

 For if that.
is a corresponding variety in his Xaxdlajaaiy, quantocunquc in time to that certain to return.
° done; I say nothing. He adds :.
-habet iftapriorum.
The page and the uncertain nature of the news.
Diucrfà of iftis bill and Aftronomia laws on the books.
ftare said.
For the $% think he sun in winter arising athere wanted ,.
Vtffatium Moon will return to old Harpalus IP / am.
Quick on / £ give each moment prissa reduces.
He thinks that if Xaoxoil; i5aov that of the fixed, even to such a degree that the faith a, vtipfe speaks here, in.
500 prifcasfedes long rcdeant motion. He thinks that if, I say, this is what happens, and ponder how.
docunque fpatium Moon returns. Yourfcif means mentem his native :.
When will the moon in fedes momentum prifci activated. That.
The interval I Harpalus nine years already taken effect, Fed.
badly, since a faster than a light is made iuftum ifta the period of the. We clearly cenfeo Con.
uerfionem Heaven vniuerfali be the same when it comes to an end.
diem and hour at which it was before. He adds fefto Auicnus this PE.
! G riodum74. '' O s e p h 1 1 1 50 S C A G E R 1.
Rio because of the shortness of fallcrc so ci decade added to the A.
Melon. Real XTxgla $ & $ 4ayoμάων were held within άναδεκαετη24.
Ja possible. The hallucinations Pompeÿ called upon Enneaetcridos, lu.
um premises gods and is Aratus all too willing to oftenderc incrran.
ἐποχ'ιι components) ipfum effects of the sun, abfurd indeed, but still youngsters.
of the thing caufamconfert to cycle Mctonis. the interval δύσεω έαδα.
^ ® ® ® ®woy pipXiov be reftitutio, disk, and conuerfio others.
vniuerfali world. In this way, for he sings of the more elegant than this, than respect for truth :.
Scrape Tyøw% and Au. %, May σωαεύς) ηδ).
Pygaxovd% Tov xvx ^ α Φαεινὰ καλίοιο.
The passage ends as the smoke of a man not to me that Theon of him with all the affecutus B.
it is not surprising effects, while versatile, and afterward, he Astronomiæ.
Apollo Ptolemy amount of the Tropic of ex ncomcniarum year.
Reftitution collected as Reftitution HIPPARCHUS reétc.
cenfeo after 3 years O4. immediately possible. But these will be the fourth am.
more. It is open to those teaches writes veteres, 4% ^ uyd.
μ $ μα, Xavxa 5i5a3 to ninety days of the current year, putaffe. Li.
For those nineteen years as follows fcribit bro twelfth ;.
ά σε%; $ £ $ sign of rgo td dsege tlu) Xaoxoilasaaiv τοιάτα, και κα $ AA.
& Yower? τινός μεγαλον τὸν αἰακυκλισμὸν λαμβαkt. h) Xai av £ $ cuio, Mi.
των® & wiajlöv öyoμα% Oi. Doxa de j) J3 ά ἐν τί τςο} ῖτὰ ἐ πογραφά.
"3avua5 Jr. & intril4xáu%. % $ Dsege τω τε κύων, κὰ τὸ ἐπιση C.
μασίοις τοιάται συμφως τά γραφὴ, δόμάέ έγκα3'juã, and avoa ^ ά.
AI enough ^^% »y *% £ poi τά άπασεκαετ € λ ε λατράσοί ') * dAwSela ;.
What could be better could have been versus Aratcos to be interpreted? However deceived Bio.
Dorus. . For yaxd \ applies ¢ Tek, which in those days of action, e.
Calippica the rat, but not much more than a Metonic .: with the Metonic.
for five days, almost the Dicillo tartar of wine one has already anteucr Calippica.
tiffet that this fcribebat Diodorus. The book fcriptum ongoing.
He repeats the same talking about cnneadecaeteride gcntes Hyperborea.
fess λόγζ) of & τὸ $ εῶν (the Apollo) ό άγάπακωδέκα κα% y.
RA A; RLW JGW and ἀ ἀσιά έω third Xavxa% @ * iai τάλ dyo1u. *%.
δα% τὸ ἐπιακωμιαετῆ κέον άδ 'ἐγ άλλω μάγω όιλόν. δ. D.
μαζός. Remember this book and Ælianus year. What now.
Manlius, through you yourfcif PotC wants to understand. Metonem the sky.
verfàffe a new orbem, that is, conuerfione £ Xavxa world.
1d; gov over the new and revolutionary period * & wiadaxaemeiJ \ £ definiuifIe with.
the old Harpali mendofus and deceptive deprehenfus time becomes.
It is, he says, the new orbem vcrfàre heaven. And new.
   'World.
* The E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 Li b. 2. z 5.
Aorbem period metonic understood by comparing old how.
Oétaeterida Harpali transported oftendit fefto grandmother. Enneadecaete.
ris, therefore, to many people on the names of the commentaries and Metonis celeberrimi.
it exists but it haetenus brand fuiffe little argument there are two ,.
those who interact with the cycle of the Pafchali the same, and the nostro to the vulgar, whom they come.
the number of golden call define it. Only for the seven em.
bolifmos and nineteen years, with the number of noftro a gold coin.
they hold office, with all the others it was amazing how will defer it. That we may not.
which the same fitus embolifmorum, not with the same of the year of the solar and ponder how.
Quantity: abfolute days' is made with the cycle of the Metonis 694o, difcedens.
a iuft a period of 2 hours 7, 6. 56. "4o." 6 7 years, so the time.
Btur moon the course of one day, 46 hours 5. 47. "4o." In the years.
Finally, 3 O4 Moon overthrown the first epoch metonic say.
the bus solid five years to pass, that embolimaeos feptcm or co.
rum, it has happened, do not poffunt priufquam fcire cycle, to its epoch.
And head to think. The ancient Greeks the winter, so it Cognofco.
& & taeteridibus Cleoftrati from o of Harpalus, the times of the fua ordicban.
tur, and to those of lees Rome, all the more easily separated from the decrements of the Tin.
ley hours obfèruarent, confeetus winter day than the amount.
mental, folftitio. Therefore, all of the clock of the Greeks of radiation.
reported reasons for the winter; and that Roman: until the first.
the head of a Melon nofter of all the years of people's interests, or rather with the.
Cepocha, describe inftituit clock, that is a folftitio. Vii.


Page 72


instead. That inftrumentum nobiliffimum, and Prifcorum ho.
mi-num obferuationem by far the fubtilitate vinccns, Himself, in the Comitium.
Athens dicauit as teftis cli prifci fcriptum Philochorus before.
Aristophanis interpreter to give thanks to $ w inflar fig / o7ro7ie Pherecydis that.
Scyro the fillet in the country dedicated sua growth together. It appears, therefore, do not fo.
lum a folftitio head Enneadecaeteridis fuse deduxiffe fed Ct.
had already by that time, in which the Heliotropium fuum dicauit. The same thing.
Scholiaftes Aristophanis affentitur is Philochorus out lie.
liotropij arranged, but by the time indicated. Philochorus, for example.
Ñ ​​cenfebat Metonem the Pythodorum archontis Hesperostipa.
pofuiffe. And He, after He hath Pythodoros magiftratus, or fàltcm in the magiftra.
thou himself are, and not either before magiftratus, to dispose it contends. Vcrb.
Melon critics of this are: σέ φλχος 6%. & KoAor? £ $.
τωτό & ῶ λ £} y ou% J% / 29% 3λς ἀ τgò IIv3od / λιοτ; στίον ἐν τῆ γuò.
λεγομὰ êxxXnoig, τέός τι} teixo, τ) E / τὰ Ayvxi. Read: \ y Aiye ,.
3äij and 'A %% t σε% thanks IIv3οσωggv. • cli course true ';.
 G 2 Ul »o s e p h 1 6 1 50 1 S C A G E R L
magiftratus under Apfeudis it Hesperostipa dedicaffè and folftitium A.
obfèruaife 27 Iune, And in the days of; 6 The first month fequentis Heca.
tombaeonis Tetraeterici. And yet in magiftratus Apfeu.
des: with whom, in fequentianno fucceffit Pythodorus. So little ABCFS ,.
and why a aSolftitio cycle fuum incepiffe, and the region of the temples, too, Python.
dori Hesperostipa ftatuiffe we ​​believe the best fcriptore auetoritas.
I moved. However, the Solftitio doubt that when auetorem wealthy.
auieno hold fest? who, after He hath cos verficulos that we indicated.
Before knitted and conducts fubiicit, speaking on Harpalo :.
Decemmia again, that the mumera long lengths.
Cecropeis said adding A4etom art ,.
Infèditque minds. Held the Gracia / vegetables.
Protimus, and then I found out MJ / it in ammo.
$ Reap the opening of the first edition / amp / IT from the year ,.
Phoebus with roasted red / Idera Camerae :.
The belts carry the main distance Orion ,.
When caruleo fiagraret $ irius afire.
A folftitio, then, and brought him to pole on nouilunia. Remotiffimum true God,.
ftatuit the largest setter of dog. Now, then, the beginning of conftat of dc pc.
Rio metonic. The time that is in the obferuare Metonc sol.
ftitij, and also detempore Solftitij to its epoch, we have the full.
Muenster, book 3, which said diferte Solftitium from Metonc & Eueter 100 ||.
Advise obferuata year Nabonaffàri 316, Phamenoth XXI morning.
Matt June in a match, seventh cycle of the moon, cyclo Sunday xxvi be.
Syria first, in the fourth Olympiad 86 varying, and prefer it to Athens.
Apfeude T. Verginio, conspicuous latter for cos s. He was not.
Attic pcriodi third year. Scirrhophorion 3 lulij. Therefore Ncomc.
inhibits Hccatombaeonis metonic oxjjo4oeuJG) teir, a DEXA. Died.
the twelfth country, and σέ τεύς A9fious Mar & Y O p AV dvie $ jòς ,.
dedoόασμάφ DL & dse9λογια ἐ3mxs tlw άνομοδύω άπασικοιςτη.
Elda, tlw 23X'u) Volume ap®® Xai u'wô; & A9fitu; aujo4o21) 0 7gio.
Xaudi \ xdt / ;. Accordingly ©> gχλιόό τόμῆ φδύοήφ obferuata sun.
ftitu a meton. & Proximo7 £ V% eiag Hecatombaeon Pythodo D.
mis entered magiftratus nine menfibus before the start of Bellus peloponn.
Fiacre. Thus, then, is the Epocha Metonic cycle, but not the Ix July.
so that folcbant vetuftiores: O & aua, nor a part of Cancer, as Cleoftratus, |.
Do not be surprised, therefore, the fate of poff, Columella, why do you say that, fe, aw.
And gave Mctone, folftitium mounts on the side of Cancer, as the other xάττα.
inoctauis parts of the fignorum fuorum, ftatucrc, with the rcsipfà with.
fated 1) E 1000 N 500 E ST. P O R T £ 1000 1000 V Li B. 2. > ;.
Rallied advice. Columella de Meton, why is he rather than.
Méton to believe it? The only Enneadecaeteridis metonic.
fcribit Cenforinus Besides the great famt of mind, several examples ME.
tonic, the river from which they are Meton Athenienßs vndeuiginti confiituit. him.
Enneadecaeteris that calls & INTERCALARY / eptits, in the well.
there are days in / out five thousand, four hundred and forty € 5. Legcn.
While, there are days on which the mind / momingenti and forty miles out.
Inam has flowed out of the ordinary marks error, thousands six days and c c c.
Deef to 13 x L. Note hundred. Since 594o the county.
prehenderct Enneadccaeteris metonic, it is altogether unlawful has done his best.
True enneadccaeteride agreed with the Moon, as demonstrated below.
Β ftrabitur. The epoch is maintained in XX v 1 1 June, easily embolifmorum.
fitus times of the facts. There is no moon Heca.
tombaeonis Solftitium anteuertebat. And so fecund, fifth ,.
oétauus, tenth, thirteenth, fextusdecimus the tenth oétauus.
embolimæi year there were more than 5 to give cenfeo and TI are noftra.
time. When the periodusipfà 694o dicbus præcifè explain.
, they were on the lunar XIX, menfes τςιακον $ íus29 the seven ;.
for four days, fcrupula no. Why them for four days.
abundantly, and four years had passed, too, Üãêfiusg9; fcilicet days.
3 5 5 as poftea see. The season of the moon, the lees.
While Metonem, 3 days is $ 54, or 3. Blow up the Heca.
100 tombaeonis metonic of July XT.

Page 73


I exenneaeteride & decadc that he wanted fefto Auienus fed exOéta.
eteride & Hendecaeteride. In fact, there are no other parts, Enneads.
caeteridis, from the model of the year, which is closer to the Sun's abfis: nor to the things.
In be more obvious. That is above the Oétaeteridi fupereft m.
this factor alone, that deeft Hendecaeteridi, and vice versa. But when metova.
obferuationem feptimi won the exact day Hecatombaeon vicefimi.
Tetraeterici always engage in the nouilunia 5 (for instance incident.
Plat first Hecatombaeon be. July components, such as the pcriodi Atti.
Heaven, VICEF will start at Kai. Augufti and is seven menfis critical nouilu.
5 500 owing to what I said nothing indicates Lalerculus menfium Tetracteri.
Corus previously by us propofitus) when it is seen Mcto, Ani.
maduertit this interval to be contained in the two Oétaeteridas of Harpalus, that.
The boy and the slope again the 1o9 z. Sedijdies is trienniumHar.
chaff or Cleoftrateum, that is three years with one of Lunar mcnfe.
intercalari full two Harpaleas the Oétaeterides fine, fine you.
tractericæ are the days of 5848. If you add 1o92, confurgctfum.
MA days 694o. Poffc iuftam pcriodum be completed and, therefore, out of those two tribes.
G 3 Harpali:> 8 *. * 1 1 o s e p h s c a c e l 1 R 1. ,,.
Harpali O & taeteridibus and three lunar exiftimauit. Again to A.
two Oétaeteridibus, sex, are embolifmi 5 in the last three years alone.
Therefore, in the seven embolifmi tranfigentur that period, they will become all.
fyzygiæ 2 3 5 because there are two Octaeterides 198, and in three years.
mo moon; 7. decemnouem years, and even whole period talking.
up. And so it onto the δικασααετψ2id. If it all.
menfes z 3 5 effent τετακαύμεθ9 this period; And a full two fig.
o5o rent 7 days. On day 69 of fidetrahantur 4 of quantity end.
This period will be left menfes cavity 1 1 O that are due.
this phase, and hence the remaining 1 2 5 will be full. Far more joy.
The number will more fully be greater than cauorum not be so.
the hollow box are full & every other, so that they were not even in that Harpalus had Oétaeteride the other B.
and filled and hollow. If the 2; 5 1 1 diftribuantur Oh, we have fy.
2. Zygii Day 4. Oh increased to make up for the plates 1 1 3 5 fyzy z.
gies præcife: full of all the things which we understand. And so, after He hath two parts.
fyzygias & Day 4. ;;, will be used £ 7% U% $ that for 4 menfis gods.
not condemned: the fifth day, the four fyzygias Again, in the same manner, after He hath, for which does not.
O & Taua fyzygiæ flows will be three o'clock. And so, lest the progressing am.
nes 33αςάσάς, until the last fyzygia is made with a hollow, and in defense of his tricefi.
MA, called first Hecatombaeon fertile period. Id.
We have given to you, that in the confpeétu fequentis in the two Tables: in the.
fyzygiæ with the Superior, let all of which are highly prized by & teribus the gift notatæ.
Inam Rooms, which has three numbers, it indicates menfem depression. C.
For example, in the first year menfe third, the cell have two.
fignificant menfis the first numbers 4, 5 it, or, as grae.
they speak on behalf of τετdgm isagogae ci, τίμῖn I; from the £; e. Therefore menfis.
is cauus. Lower than the number of weekdays or charaeter neom.
tual. Whatever the moon have such a number of plates.
sails are menfe. The rest are easy. From what you see.
$ Âaîgioi) does not occur in the same say, but agreeably joining two fy.
Zygii poftulat. For fyzygias is made, until each man changes of the plumage is ἐτυρεσι ;, na.
a mere ex; accrefcens increases the previous day for four days. Why.
the days are all in the ELEVENTH fyzygia accrefcit one. Infigniter however,.
mistaken twin prifci and learning of the author, who fcribit I D.
diuififfe emboldened by the InII fyzygias 694o, and 694o for the O 2.
fexagefies three times treaty, proptcrca cenfeo Metonem immediately.
After dies £ 63% αιεεοῦ ἐγ ημεgô feciffe. Ipfa with this system.
Futat. For 63 days they are fyzygiae 2 and 3. Besides, what am.
nia in 1 Jn produce the fyzygias, 2 2o, day; 3o. This is fyzygias.
eleven of which had 2 2o fyzygiis compofito give only; 1..
i> i. . »Fyzygias. •.
 • ,.
| 500 E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. 2..
7%.
I
* A A A A B 5 50 100 100 M A R A T E R S i i 1000
Om E N E R N A 1 V 1000 E N N E A 500 E 100 A E.
T E R S 1 1 500 1000 e t o n c 1: AE.
  1 Aasve * y "(AR Igaadpa 17roavi aroaro let n; i '" •> <•. Laxupio XVII p ^ n i § | w.
G gg ^ £? E '£, = Σ' Έ ;;;;; *;:; £. i? £. άa ,! § 3. E. :.
 _ - ■ --fl53.
| 4, 5, 8, 9 i2. 13 1 6 17]. [. Oh. 1 * 2 • •? .
7 - * - * --- ■ - ■ '' • | • | ! ! ! ! ! ] [S] ** t * | *.
 24. 2 5 28 29 2 3 6 7 1 1 1 5 1 6 1 Question | .
**) s | 3 | i | 14. | 6 || 7 | a || 3 | i || 8 | 1 [*] 7 ** ** t '.
9. 2 O 3 2 4 1 2 2 5 6 9. 27. 28. i 1 o |.
3 - 4 | 5 | 7 | 1 3. | 4 | ° || 6 || 1 * | 4 | 5 | 7 f *** 7 | 7.
13. I4 | | I 1 7 1 8 2 2 2 2 2 5 100 3 O. I.
4 | ; Oh 5 6 1 2 3 4 6 7 2 4 | 4 4 8.49 12. Z.
• 4. 5 8. 9 12 1 3 1 6 1 7 2 1 2. O. 24. 25 28. 29 •.
IP3. 3, 6 7 * - ■ - 5 6 1 2 4 5 Z-1 -'- 50? * * * * * • B.
• 2. 3 6 7 1 1 O 1 1 1 6 5. I9. 2 O.
I • | • 2 'l: | 4 | 3] * [*] '[' '] * [a, * I * 7 *} *.
2. 3. 24 27. 28 i 2. O. 5. 6 9. 1 O I3. 1 4.
7] z 1 3 | 5 || 6 || 1 | 3 4 '° [7] [3 §'} *** • 56.
1 7. 18 i 22! 2 5.

Page 74

 6 3C. I 4 • 5 8. 9 2 9 2. 6.
is • • [''], [''], f * f, | , | * '| • the '| , | '; F *** • *.
12. 13 | 16. 1 7 2o. 21 | 8 24. 2 5 2 8. 29 3 2.
'°: |||| * |||||||| 'fi * "' f ''.
2. 3 6.7 I Ο • I I 1 5 • I 6]. [I 9. 2 O 2. 3. 2 4 2. 7. 28 662 "8.
vis! 3 | 4 | * 1 7 1 * | i | i | * | i | : [*]: || 7 f *** **?.
__ i.T? 5. 6 9. 1 © | . 13. I 4 17. 18.
'' '[i]: | '' '' * * L °,. - * - 1-7-1 --- *, [* ° '7' ***.
ΣΤΣΠΕΣΣ6 3 O. I 4. 5 8. 9 I 2 * 13], | 6.
   , '6 * 7 2 | 3 | 2 6 O * l * 6 || 7 2. '437 ii **'.
C 1 6. 17 2 © • 2 I 24. 25 28. 29 2. 3 6.7 C ig3. 13. 3 5 6 I 2 4 5 7 I 3 5 6 I 175 56fs.
, • [I Q. II 15. 1 6 19. 2o | <, 23..24 4 27. 18 s i, c |.
* * | 4 | 5 || 7 3 4 || 6 || 7 | a || 3] s? '' ** '**.
;; 5. 6T 9. 'I O I 3. I 4 1 7. I 8 2. I. 22.
15 7 I 3 4 6 || 7 O 2 3 5 6 I 2. ** *** ;.
 * 6. I -I-.
 2 5. 2 6 3o. I [I 4 • 5 8. 9 I 2. I 3 | 6. I 7 sounds.
iu3. 1 6.] 4 || 5 | 7 3 | 5 || 6 a || 4 | 5 [7], [**** j °°? *.
2 O. 2 I 2. 4 • 2 5 28. 29 2. 3 6.7 [I O. I I i7]; 4 6 7 | z 3 'O -? -? I 3 4 5 '[62 or 221 ob 8.
* 1 5. 1 6 I9. 2 O | 23 •. 24. [/ .7. 28 I. 2 5. 6 6 s 8 6l.
i * i * | 7 | * | 3 | i | * | i | * | 4 | 5 | | : [i] 5 ['' '' *** '° *.
 | 8 2 I. 2 2 2. §. 2 6. .
9. I C I 3. I 4 17. I O 5 3 o. I «.
19] - 6 I. 2. | 4 5. | 7 3 4 6 7 2 94 e; 35; I O.
a. T A B E L L.
D * ~ ''. . vr. Charaâerifmi.
 fyzygias full. Itaque calculus definet in Periodorum.,.
     Enneade narrated
ducentefima before fyzygia. Reliquæ igi Ê, | £ ï.
tur quarter erunt continue plenæ, & duæ -; 5 yo
Fifty years ago erunt & ipfæ plenæ. i'i '; ; $.
•. . 4 [2.
Ita fient fex continue plenæ fyzygiae. Quod I I [I 7 É.
eft abfurdum. Porro adiunximus Tabel V; %. j.
lam chara & terifmi pcriodorum, who chara V I I I. . . | i 14.
  . G 4. & teri £ 8o Ho s E p H 1 Sc A R I C E R I.
Years in.
mcadeca
etheridis ,.
I.
iu £. 2
 4
iu £. 5
6
7
άμ £. 8
 9
iu3. Io
I I.
I 1.
i »3. 13
I4.
15.
'ἐμg. 16
17 |.
Ig3. 1 8.
19
T A B V L A N E O M E N I A R V M.
 1
G FÉTIul. | I Aug. 9 Sept.yTO &. | 7 New] 7TDec.IGT}; ianuBTFebr.5 Mars. April 4 || ;.
B A28 Iut.
G | 7TIul.
F.
E.
T O N I C A R VM I N M E N S Ι B V S.
H v L and A N 1 sec.
5 «***. • and * wr% • # • [v * // wxw | 7roa WJ \ «% Tt • {σύν iέλειφκCo.
scov d * m. hv <rr **. yes,&). et. | 8> «u» uar. | «* Sne <* .w« \. Wawvx &. Swpyw & w. lessis
A.
M E.
*.
Praiis *.
**.
E BTJj..
D ĘSTIul.
C.
Σ8TIun. .
1 6 Aug. 4 Sept.'i ATOCEI.Nou. | E Dec.ITöTl; or Ian.]) Fbri Maf] 9TAp.18.
7_ Iul.
'D C14 lul. 1 to Aug.11 Sep.] or O & .j9 New] 8 Dec.I6 7IIan. 6 Feb.7 Mars [6 April. May 5th 4. Today
& erifmus cum charaétere neomeniæ compofitus dabit feriam.
Neomeniæ. Gratia example Volo fcire feriam neomeniæ Me.
Methons tagitnionis in the last fifteenth year. In Ta.
beautiful charaéterifmi enneadccaeridis, Fifth quinteth, ha.
Bes 3.Ille charaéter feruit toti period, & cum 4, charaétere Me.
fourteen years ago, abicertis feptenariis, vbi opus erit, dat.
feriam fecundam neomeniæ Metagitnionis. Adiecimus præ.
Terea Tabulam neomeniarum Metonicarum in menfibus Iu.
lianis, vt citra work eas inuenire queas. Example: Anno.
Nabonaffari 3 66, Θά $ *, fecundum Athenienfes autem φα.
vo% e% v dgxov%, μluês IIoaeid & € ", defecit Luna. Tem
pus xxii Decembris, fequente xxiii, fecund fair, they make.
te tertia, cyclo Solis xix, Lunae x v 1 1 1, anno periodi Iulianæ.
43 31. Erat annus Iphiti 394. Abiectis ex method perpetua an.
nis 344, rcmanet annus quinquagefimus Metonis, id eft duode.
cimus tertiæ periodi, cuius periodi tertiæ charaéter 4 cum 6 cha.
ra & tere Pofidconis annixi 1 compofitus, abic & 7, dat feriam;.
Ê5TulliA Augli; Scpt.iaTOâ.HINotifTo DeciiT5TbTÌan.HTFG5.9TMAEFApriI | 7TMai5Iunii.
lul. 5TAug. »Sept. 1 T O &. | ITO &. 5o No.35 Dec], 8 Ian.], 6 Fcbr. | Mar 28 1 6 Apr. May 26. May.
ATIuI.EAug. |: Sept.E5 O &. | I9TNóli Dec 8] T3T | i7 Ian.fi 6 Febr .; 6 Marji 5 Apr. May 14 15 yeah.
May.] * Mon.
3 I Iulij. 3rd Äg. »8 Sept. 1 § Öct | 3TNO.E6Dec], 4 Ian. 15 Fcbr.}. 4 Mar.:; Apr. i3 Maij; iun.
1l.II9 Aug [i8Sept.17 Oάli6Noti] i5IDec.Id i4 Ian.12 Febr | 4 Mar 5 Apr. i. Mai ;; or Iun.
ISTINI8Augu.7 Sept. 6TO &. 5 No {5 Dcc.I3TB Ian | TeBEE Mar18 April. 3® Apri33 May.
18 Iulij; 6 Aug.E5Sept.]. 5Oct [i; No.57 Dec.}. ITIan.1.3 Feb.p.i Mar | GApr | | i9 May.18 Yesterday.
     _. Maij7 iun ,.
7 Iul.5 Aug.ATSep .; Leisure]] Note] TDec.31 Dec.39 Ian £ 8Fcbrp9 Mar £ 8 Apr.] May 7 36.
25 Jul.34 Aug. Sep.] ** Q £ i. 21 New.] Or Dec.] or [19 Ian.17 Febr.] 8 Mar 1 6 ÄÈÉÉMaiiA Yesterday.
B.
A ΣΣTIUI. Σi Atg. 19 Sept.19 Octji7 New | i7 Dec | TSTi5Ian.14 Fcb4i5 Mar. : 4 Apr.] May 13 | 1 Mon
G ΕΤ Iul. 1 cAg. 9 Sept. 8 IO3 17 New | 6 Dec.IoT5Ian.3 Febr.HTMar]. ApriI], Maij !; IMii.
F Ex. Yun.29 lulj28 Aug.2 6 Sep.2 6 Oct. [15] No.24 Dec.23 Ian 21 Fcbr. [23 Mar | 1 Apr. ΣΓMai | i 9TIun.
D | 19 IUI. i7 Aug.j 6 SJÉ6 οάIA No | i 5 Dec.ToTi xTIab.i 1 Fcbr. | IIMar.lii Apr. | ISMai.8.
c $ Tiii5 A35 Sejt.sToçis Nou | i Dec.IIaTian] MarjTMEEAíijíiiíi.
E ETHYTIG 6Aug]: 4 Sept. 4 O &. 11 New | i7 Dec.

Page 75

): 5 Mar.] 9 Apr | l8 Mail ;; tiunt.
5 Tulij? TAEg.57 Aug 5 ° Sep.] 19 Oct I8IN0.37 Feb. 6 Ian.p.4 Feb.], Feb. 6]. Feb. 5] A Mai.E5Tlun}.
Succeeding in TaD E N T E 1000 P O R T A 500 V 1000 51 B. 2. §1.
From the Map moons in years to Julian, Pofidconis the new V 1 1 1.
December, on fertile soil. The fifteenth Pofideonis, fequentes.
fextadecima, so it was wrong. That same year, so Nabonaffàri ,.
which Metonis, there is now no 4αμ $ μά $ x3 was loyal to the same thing, fequente Ze, μινὸς.
Σακι} οφοειωφ. Time XT 1 1 1 June, fequente x 1 x, almost without.
ta fequente fexta. Charaeter 4 stages with the third character.
Scirrhophorionis a year 2 1 2 1 chart gives Thursday Besides ncome.
tual Scirrhophorionis and she comes out of a second board on June 4, fe.
via a fifth cycle of Sunday xx Eclipfis happen again XT menfis, fe.
ing x 6. At last year fequente Nabonaffàri and tertiodc.
ther same trusted third period metonic failed © 3 E, fequente.
B £, productive Athenienfis Evaidge digχοήφ, μ'wός IIo7 {σεωG) ago.
1iga. XII December period, weekday feptimi, fequente first, reguntur.
of the hearth 4, together with 4 compofito, abieéto feptcnario, it gives the fair the first one.
neomcniæ IIOO {σεωθ 'aeg61iga. The moon failed x 1 1 1 1 menfis, fe.
uente XT. Sec. Prini metonic again in the ongoing cycle, so at the beginning.
belloPeloponnefiaco days æftiuis, 8uluig K% 'CeXfi'w, as he speaks.
Thucydides failed Sol.Hæc Eclipfis Iphias happened in the year 346, was lost.
4 283 Iulianae gods, Auguftitertia diesferia quarter, cyclo Sunday 27, Moon.
8, Nabonaffari 317 years, Pachon VIII, one year and 37 days, post.
obferuata a meton Solftitium. Table moons habcs.
In the ongoing year Metonis veuluia »u y% of your $ 111 Auguft. That.
100 agrees with Thucydides, who was called onto veuluia "23. ce filwr. of doing.
the other end in understanding how metonic. she also had neom.
inhibits ElulIudaicianni 333 o: of which charaétcr 4. 17. 6o9, the same day of the week, v t.
vides.Rurfus the fifth year of the 42 Olympic period, and so fourth.
frankincense Atticæ. Of which of Hecatombaeon this, he began 29 July. The sun failed IXa.
% Μὰρό τὰ ἐκτή ίεσμόύε, Rurfus O & History fcribit out in the eighth.
War Peloponnefiaci: $ DL & Aiyvop from $ leg, and $, $ m, ie if i use; ii.
£% Ze vepluido and civi8 μluês $ i & μόe àvôaç. It turned out that lack ,.
Augufti solar XVI, Thursday, in the year pcriodi Iulianae 429o. Was.
Iphiteus year; 53. quadragefimus ninth stages of the fifth Olympics ,.
ideovndecimus Atticæ. Hccatombaeon 1 1 1 Auguft. Therefore XIII with.
500 nouilunia happened. Rurfus terms with their ninth year metonic. Metagit.
nion sixteen Auguft. So a. Of the month Elul, too, the Jew by 3; 38 no.
aduerfàtur. I was 4, 21. 58o. Thursday. That, however, supra.
we When the cell cavity menfis fcriptum than 4. 5, which fignificant.
proquarta menfis, it effcus, quintamenfis, do not believe that the CEB.
Go vfurpari folitis. For all τολτικῶς menfis cavity% d jieg gods.
confusion q m. But this is only Metonem dixiffe guar.
as well for the fifth day, Mcthodum cauff, so that in this way, and not to the will, but of the.
adpro8 o s e p h 2 1 1 1 50 S C A G E R 1.
Progreffu the numbers fyzygias poor. Immediately after the A '.
Here the great, and the year has been received, there was not feruationem Solftitij metonic.
For the fourth year of his cditione Aristophanis taught "^ 4% ας from.
χοή & Auuuie, while still Athenienfis Oétacterida his native teeth.
Retaining τές ημάegς Gox iyoy x% tn Q filwr, αλλα αίω τε έxáre exv.
d) old), OT & y.Sed shortly after the retreat fuiffe teftatur Auien.
  Held the Gracia / vegetables.
Immediately, and then I found out he sent ammo ,.
Infeditque minds.
And certainly not to ignore the celebrity youngsters poffunt, Arato cancntc ,.
-tae $ qwäeig ')} i) ,.
Ewaaxojd% Tov xvx ^ α φαευά Κλίοιο. E
Metonic, however, of the new moons, new moons, & Calippicæ you at any time.
traeteridum anteuertunt menfe wholeness, as the Demofthenis whether supra.
we have noted at times, a minority of cases diebus. In addition, all of the V% £ i ,.
in Greek orators are metonic, but if things are veterans.
Rum & fànétionum law. In fact, they are Oótaetericæ, cuiufmodi.
%% Tiuoxe & τὸ κ ις a certain extant, which I doubt ejse Harpaleas.
Deprehenfoigitur with Demofthenis year Iphias who encounters.
propofitum year aegv @ * Come to throw for 344 years Iphias only slightly.
your method, where, as we have already said. Refiduum are Metonis year. DC.
from there to see how old that one is made from the Solftitij Meto,.
liquefying 9bferuatione, and compare it to the line [LINEATLA] C.

P / F & £% aq% in the number of years fcilicet high αεως metonic.
And she præcifum, if it can serve, ultimately stunted |, | Titiali.
 • hill ies. Diur. • ta.
This is mainly smaller. Columbus, flue versus days [i "|" "".
oftendet how many days accreuerunt epoch Meto? - -; from 3%. 38 || _S.
end. the first of a new moon, which day of the μαῖάσεως adiicc;, | T5T33Τ5T.
fcæ Metonis. You will have a new moon day Méton 7. 1 -'- II.
 . ,, _ • 1 9 5 1 1 3 3 57.
Heaven propofito.Exemplum a year, the year of Christ | £ | £ ;;;;.
published 1 582 aeftiuis days made this year Iphias 33 | __ * _ '' 9.
152 | 2 and 3 Oh oh.
Qlympiadicus 358.Abicctis 344.refidcnt or 2 | £ J; 43T57 • • "•.


Page 76

Proximemi 19 O | 3 7 3 8.
Zo 9 | 500 T5TI3TIST.
nor the number of annorumcolleétorum inlinea μέ G | TATA Rt.
22 § || _ _ _ 45_9.
;, & iave 1824 and, over time μαῖάσεως 30. | 247 IIAI3T57T.
l) turned out in 1824, the z OI4, remanet 19o. By the Royal 26 6 || * 2 3 4 §.
     the A85 || _4._44_49.
not of them, even, in the propofitalinea gáíária;, funtdics | '' 4 || _5_9_ Oh.
3.7. 38. With the thirty days give μάσσεως | 3 $$ | I5T3T5T.
Z O 1 1 6 2. Question
Metonic day; 3.7. 38. The year propofitus Me ___.
  • • •. •. • _ 1 82 4 | 3 oh oh oh.
tones, because, as we see, grade cycle, in which neomc | ,,,, | taaa.
Mia was Hccatombaeonis a Metonc cohftituta | * 7 * "| T35T3T5D from E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 51 B. 2. 83.
From July XXVII. Then add; ; About twenty μάσεως July. Perueniturad.
nine Augufti on Wednesday. Such faults accounts metonic a.
& TA is from the beginning of this cycle to noftra times. From this you can see, there is some way.
i infiftendum fit into the new Metonis with Demofthenis and others.
5 prifci Rhelores inueftigandis. The year is Sunday metonic save.
365 diescere quadrant, it might be £ ;, HIPPARCHUS says, #. Words.
Of Hipparchus to Ptolemy, by consulting the book, which he aä ëwiowaie 36vA.
fcripferat: ό ένιαυσιθ as $ x $% d Mar & ja & E% fiuora a $$ x fiuieg ;.
τά D "and F μιᾶς ήμíe%, Sec. For if 6 to 7 years, Julian accrefcit.
5. One day Melon, Metonis has ;, the past year; 655.
Day. To this confentanea fcribit Cenforinus Fr. Pithoeanus year ME.
B tunes solar fuiffe c c 50 days fifteen days beyond that.
%. that of vndeuicefimæ. Also from the two phase Metonis, & c.
¥ τῆ πάσσω% υτη δοκέων ό μάρ μῆες καλός εἰληφ3a, έ ό άμβόλω.
] Μοι συμφως ἀς φαινομ $ μοις όαῖςτέχθαι, id'éyiowai @ 336 * T * ® from AJ.
W v @ y EII åêálemgnU $ 9 auuzrgòìnxev, ότι ἐν ήμεgów * £, άνεακαδέκα.
των Σ. In this way, in the nineteen years Metonis Solaribus intercalare bi.
s sixth five fourth Oh eighth and twelfth, fextodecimo, the caterpillars.
S Monona. And nothing is left of argument fcrupulario. Why vtcy.
Julian was shut Sunday for the last four years uniform, the seven or four times.
norumduntaxat is: the fic Mctonicus cyclusSolis on account of the inequality.
bifexti intervals, nouemdecies than the seven years. nor the day of the week :.
J 100 reftituuntur before the end of the year 1; 3. If the great things about this year Meto.
we are the ultimate unintended or omiffa it ftudiofis collecting abandoned.
mouse. However it what we think fated effects and the doctrine of the year.
Metonic deploy and to keep their caftiganda for noftra.
Lunar differ not think so.
500 E 100 N 100 50 1000 e t o o n is 1 50 1 P H E P O.
TNAv side of the exceffus Philip years, which fell Olympiad.
P CXI, inftituta equal to the period of you into the grace of Philip, whose first appearance on the.
'tis out, from the thirteenth year of his death, who was one of Alexander's death.
500 was the sonne of the first, even so shall he vthocinitiumneque the velocity; His son concern.
Admiffi they had already become co menfes metonic was still living, who are also called by all.
Greeks chain confenfus are welcomed, as it teaches fefto Auienus: * *.
  * -tenuit the Grace fòlers ''. .
Immediately, and then I found out he sent to 5 ammo.
Nequefolum this new period ingratiam Philip inftituta, but also.
menfes Lunar fuaferie luxati: The Dæfio the ninth menfis Peri.
rather fumptum, adeovtncomenia orbit Peritijconueniret the CCL.
"• • * * • 84 ctrac.
S e p h o s c a 1 1 50 1 G E R L
Tetraetericum. Mention of this change ETCYCLVSTME.
 • • E
King does not end yourfcif epiftola to peloponn [33] * n *** **********.
• c. \ P. * T> J C ;.
grow, and that the δ τγ εφάe stands auvayráre 1 [26 March [ἐμCox..
2 || 13 April.
Notes, 1 ?.
IVTEINIS them [] 1000 1000 es en s e t o n i 1 100: ||: # £ | m ^.
 Tetraeterici, 1: 1 • Oh ÄÈrilis.
ixaroP ^ | J. AG <£ n and we are examining € λαόν 6 | 3 1 March άμCoA.
£ ä ageu9 £ 9; urvx ", 7 I8TAprilisT.
ομα angle} & * • | x £ G 3αy $ iXX. Wisdom), λι ay. 8 || • April 7.
zvg / 4. y} prajG from λεμιστ & gafj * 3g "; 9 | March 28 άμφολ.
gauawt, | & # £; atiiG JezioiG ixaTop} <z and 1 Oh 5TÀprilisT.
a. f. " πεύεμ9. pustaye * tvuaw. III. liwCox.
VA J {\ r. JG. 1 1 || • April 5 ^ μο0.
A drixaìG aόG Gong ομέν 1} 2. 13 April.
:;? '1 & vJuveì® 32pzwig: zvw *. * 1 3 | Ix. AprilisT>.
& Εάν.] ** ®: DLC & P £ 7ri / 3}. A "U & axTweuw /. 14 | April 2 léaCoA.
~ 1 5 | 1o Aprilist N $ p © JAG 7τρατι J \ w *.
* £ G and π »« jw yaunau 1 and R 6 || April 9..
i. ajτιμαθ. & VJvaior. dr3wswez </. ? 3o March ίμCoX \ •.
 I .El.
»Acsponici P g ilippus ATT 1 100 1 1 9 Z AE.
said he, £ ἀδ άπλων εἰς τω Φωκίσα, ἐχοήες ἐπατισμόν ήμεςά τεήα.
 Τ? »\ O. ". $. "/" V 1.
egxoy% and άτὰς μluός Well, ἀς ημάς α χορὰν, ως όε A $ Luaj, Bon.
ou & ©, and σε Ko yo £ 2 * vine. That reason, the pofuere menfes Thee.
tractericos Macedonia compared to Philippeis Lunaribus, fine.
NMetonicis and Mctonicos metonic Macedonia in Athens. Under.
Iccii the wire cycle Metonis Philippcicum epochis ncomcnia.
But, in menfibus Star. v C.
 Ο ο 100 500 500 E P E A 1 A 50 1 P 1.
<. Atti 100 a s o S ​​50 TITIA 51.
From 1000 to about 1 N TIqyi s apudomnesnationes opiniode way.
of the year of the Sun the fexaginta that fcilicet and the three hundred and five diebus.

Page 77

cumquadrante order, in case anyone thinks noftrum year.
nonfolum by Julius Caefare been made public, but also devised cffet.
It made it to the form, they knew, indeed, than they all, but one, and in the beasts of the earth.
les vfus admiferat haetenus nobody is adopted. In this way, as vfum his eDiets Cse.
{Arts, science and old, quit conferuarunt, monumens D.
tis we ought to, And then, some of the ancients have reported that, Olympas of that.
of the day, the grace of inftituto, quiquartam penalties; vertentc intercalabatur year.
Namcumannum a period of days; 6o held fingulorum years.
Rum exit the dialog x x 1 day intercalabant that year to his headquarters.
Loving sua rediret.Itaq; bienniumTetraetericis the temple profane the, four years, the true God.
Olympicis closing. And that we will succeed, until tetracem.
teridi principles nouilunia contribution to how the next book.
i. Mo ded E 1000 E 1000 E N T E P O R T A 500 V 1000 50 b. 2. 8 5.
Like demonftrauimus. In fact, it is an older effect of the year of the solar knowledge is perfected.
firms with the Grecian Jews, which she judged that Strabo, it is easy sight proves that the Roman.
Rum confuetudo, who propterquadrantem years to the first intercalation.
inftitut, there bee any that Grecian than to live for a while in the land of Egypt. Ver.
For this reason we added the best of the writer, his pa come here, because it is very much to the point.
to-be. So the book talks in the Egyptian 1 x v 1: %% 3.
% Exit: έχονα ἐ ἐμάegς και ἐ τυκτός μόεμα τούς τάσκοσίως άκοy% τὰς.
íuígou; it; tlu) άντληρωσυ 3 & iavoie 36vE rules of order. αλλ 'ηοά% Rios.
άταυός aj§% d% ίς άλλησιν, ύς ἀ ἀλλα Ἀλείω, άς ά) forbids 9, 23232 \ oyoi.
zrapáz \ αρονἀ ἀ ágμ'w & v6lov € ίς%%% ἐλλωικόν it; I & Y vouyfiuz%.
Χάπ vuo aj§2 αμάγεσι% ^ demon "έαόα, όμοίως & ἀχαλάαω.Ab Aegy%.
3 ptii and Chaldean accepiffe admit, but χάς έ τ £ & W, as it wants.
"Strabo veronon it will not, but confuetudo ipfas Greece disprove. For.
who was appointed day by the agoTd; they knew defignare, in what way it could end in view; 65.
number of days, and of the fourth, beyond that Acceffion? Why vetuftiffi.
MA is this DJN (3, 37ra7: o (j§% d% from the year Solarisquantitate intervention.
Callippus then, fine Callippus (both find) Cyzicenus, MA.
thematic, which Aristotle in the first Philofophiae memo.
NES seeing a penny above the entire Méton readily available.
produce an abundance of going forth of the Enneadecaeteridis, and on this side Progreffu of time.
great as they were disturbed in a year's ftatu confequi enable the soul to be rectified with the year.
must it be considered a fair breeze, and the most beautiful thing aggreffus. so that there is no less to him.
'100 excaftigatione praise than finding out Méton accefferit.Sciuntenim.
all the ftudiofi, in proportion as he has had in the period of the price of it, to Palti, to whom.
JPtolemæus becomes known. However, there better be a trial period of Callippus ,.
how about Metonis Enncadecactcride, pronuntiarc Folet. Because in.
quiunt in four years, one of the arguments from which refultat Sunday.
who was detained for a day's quadrants as the confurgens, on account of the cycle of the moon, of four times over.
explaining that the sun, moon Vn47uoi with them in harmony with this.
distance from both the sun and moon by improvement which barely.
by & tor be poffit, may take. Nothing is more to read from the truth of another man.
I remember. What is the equation of the Moon, with the Sun? Eft him epilogifmos Lu.
to bring to bear, so that no one scruples, if possible, poffit; at the end in another way, so that faltemquam.
 , 500 pauciffimi lunar be left to argument. Therefore, the fewer.
Munday minute left, the praecifior the equation. Against that.
is greater than íumma scrupularia, the further away from the truth of the abscess is enclosed equation. Maxi.
takes place in the equation of the moon with the sun to ninety annisSolari me, præcifà.
Julian bus. He was smaller than the moon epilogifmus solar z 1. 6. hour.
56. "4o." This is exceffusSolis above the Moon in 6939, 18 hours :.
those who are of the year to ninety Julian. So for four cycles exceffus.
5. 47.46 SolisfupraLunam critical hours. "4o." Nonigitur praecifior.
 to the system.
S e p h o s c a 1 1 86 50 1 G E R L
is the ratio of the four cycles, rather than of one: the bottom of the% oXj far greater than that. A.
Men do such things they write, now for the first time will be able to learn what became of the period of the.
Calippica. The period Calippica Therefore, it is six years old and the seventh.
thirty, by which she judged that there is nothing left to be made of abfolutos Callippus minutes.
Since the moon is readily available, so that the end of days, 277 59, no fuperfit.
ύλέοχη ήλιακ) above the moon. For the year, Solaris cenfebatur 365 a day.
Pesaro with the quadrant. one quarter of a meton ncgle and burn anteuertebat.
epochas year metonic 6 to 7 years in a single day. Why Callippus or out.
Metonis pulled no quarter, and the four periods metonic ,.
each of which is taken daily quadrantcs & ti ing compofuit orders.
While house. Metonic there are four periods of 277 days 6o. About.
socerebellar four quadrants, exit the entire period of 2 days 77, 59, and B.
gyptiaco years to 76, dies 19, that is 7 years Julian 6. And since.
periods of four Metonic conftat, is in one the less, in the vnaautem f e.
Rio metonic are fyzygiæ 2 3 5, four ncceffario to be 94o.
that if He were all full and τειακο / 3fiu £ E9, cffet Day 2 82 O O: DC.
If the deduct the 27759, will remain cxccffus fyzygiarum.
depleted, that is to say, for fyzygiae 441. The same number of scoops from that shall arise: and which they so.


Page 78

 He saw the cycle Metonis 11o hollows.
fyzygas effects. What for, as we have seen, the two are crogatæ fyzy.
gies, and four days, if it is done in four cycles, will be fyzygiae.
88o, 176o days. one full day in menfes redaéti and with 88o menfe.
buscompofiti do fyzygias 938, o.qui 2 days to twenty days C.
again to 44o, set hollows of menfes crogati they are giving,. Z, z, fi, after He hath, therefore, the conspirators.
Lunar & toties4 a particular time, be withdrawn one day there will be 938.
fyzygiæ so that the two fuperfint whose alteraplena be another hollow: a.
such a way that in the Metonis cycle, facilecolligetur, quimcnfes and said, Lo, those who are full of the.
they were. Conftruximus igiturTabulam the new moons, of all the of the whole.
periods when Characters properties. If you are in meminifti Meto.
nica period of annotauimus, it does not need to work again, a prompter. Cell.
For this example, with Metonem, which three numbers, these marks.
menfescauos. The two numbers exceeding the upper Fefe vnitateindicant.
propriorenumero the chronicles of the menfis, pofteriorem you please. If for example.
24. 2 5. understand you take certain provicefima fourth menfis talker D.
While vicefimum fifth. The lower the number of stamps charm & fĭerem neo.
menus, fine regulated, which runs regular pcriodi composer.
frankincense, joyful £ tie the seven, where necessary, give dear Besides flue fair neo.
Merriam. Methodus finally here, as in metonic phase cademeß.
Orfus is a period of a week away from his native Hecatombaeon Meto.
Nico periods fextus, 28 June, which is the next day after the Solßitium.
Metonc & Euétemone obferuata. What we have started from the Solftitio ,.
Succeeding fidemD 500 E N T E A T P O R V 1000 1000 51 B. 2. 8 ;.
A inftitutumipfius of Callippus are the belief of the scccrit for the first time, who are in the mood in province.
'' Greece is aggreffüs as Metonis year now slipping support them and instead.
 ptereafumpfitproximam after folftitium month, quætor convenience.
; then immediately after confeetus folftitium has occurred despite the neo.
! the walls of the expected retirement takes place, with a real neomeniaTamuz of the Jews was 3431, of which.
3. charaeter z z. 13. fequenti dieiniuerit Wednesday quarta.Scdannus oétauus.
T Metonis cycle begins Hecatombaeon from June 28, quodCalippus.
and then the effects in reality, she thought: to mark the fourth part of the day, it could easily be & Meton.
disregarding, with the intercalatio of the day of the quadrants as the confurgentis this would grow.
between 27 and 28 June. Then Ptolemy writes clear, obferuatio.
the end of the year of Callippus are folftitij from the Aristarchi was the procuring to be guilty of that.
B quagefimum been varying. So for the third book parchus.
Writes avyxeha; tlu ^ ^ uv Aeyyagxw rswgnU $ u $ ae / ylu »ττοτω τὰ 7.
άτὸ λήγοκτι ἐ τ; στης έ Kαλιττον παιδόε. The first year period.
Calippicæ cli embolimaeus. Otherwise, the new anteuer productive years.
epoch in the days of your threshing-Solftitij, eleven: And lest this should be done, religiofo, ca.
For carrying Attici.Nullius Hecatombaeon neomeniaapudeos before.
uertebat confidence folftitij. Embolifmi, however, Calippici the place, in Pofi.
deonenon fuiffe, it is clear from a thirty year period, which cli embolimæus ,.
whose neomeniaapudPtolemæum about Finé Nouembriscadit, it is not.
, however, about the end of December, which, indeed, reach everybody ,.
If Pofideon other intercalatus native, and what is more to conie u.
100 mm makes is an Elaphebolion of that year, he began February.
 z 2, it is not, however, of March 2; That was the fi Pofideon prosecuted.
| Calator native. Embolimaeo again 47 year period, Anthefterionis.
2 suits the new moon day of January 2, fequente in the end.
J 48, Pyanepfionis ncomenia happened XVI O & orb. The interval.
Day 2 66 who are præcife menfes nine shaped. Pyanepfion joy.
to be starting from Antheftcrione. But it is the ninth. Intercalated.
So it was between Anthefterionem and Pyanepfionem. And who of men.
If intercalatio be more than Scirrhophorioni, which is three times.
Athenienfis less folftitialis years and Ayv% veia? _.
So began the Scirrhophorionalter infincan | j '' |.
Once. We also add a tile charaéteris pcriodo £ n r.
Rum Calippus. Charaâeres regular call that [ "YOU.
regular, fine charaétercmcomeniarum compofiti | -Is * !.
dantfeiiam moon Sienimvis habcrescriáncóme | II 37.
 • G • ^^ n ^ n l 3 4 nerinAi.
too much Pyanepfionis a year quadragefimonono pcriodi |, ',', ', | :.
5.
2.
6.
tcrtio, acceptumregularem 4, refpondentem By virtue of the third PC.
riod in a small, componecum4charaétere Pyanc | V fi.
pfionis. It compofito c regionc 49 years on the Board • *..
A 3 ncomς • 88 '1 1 o s e p h e r t s c a 50 1.
of the new moons, on the floor under a corner of the common Pyanepfione, God will give fe A.
to assert the first of a new moon to its Pyanepfionis. But, cxperiamur from Pto.
Lemaeam. In Nabonaflàri 466 Timocharisobferuauit the Moon.
FPIC Virginia united © 2}? , In the first period Calippicæ 48 ,.
TIvdvvJA 'G' 7 4 '9iyoy%. Julian corresponding to the time, the age of nine.
V 1 1 1 fees, weekday force. Therefore, the third new moon: and Pyanepfionis day of the week, for eight.
The fifteenth of November. Endanger the board. Compose Rule 3.
refpondentem in the first period Laterculocum 7 charaeter Pyane.
pfionis, e the country of 48 years were finished. 3 will have a fair vtpropofitum there. Con.


Page 79

 The charaeter Marchefvvan Jewish thing better than 3479.
7. 598. 3. For the Rurfusanno Nabonaffari antecedente465 A $ g.
75. Callippus to 47 A, $ disembarkation /) 0 W, idem Timocharis obferuauit B.
the center part of the moon in the middle of the Pleiades induétam. TempusIu.
Lian, Ianuarijxxix, Tuesday, cyclo Sunday VII. Regular liquid.
periods, namely 3 to 7 charaeter Anthefterionis 47 years in the county.
pofitus gives the Tuesday as propofuit Timocharis, and affinity with water.
Chart & grind scebat Jewish Fuitenim 3478. 3. 2. 1 2 3. January XXII.
AnnoNabonaffari 454 Tvgi, exaetor, fequente 5, period, Calippus.
CAE 36, ἐλαφηβολύθ '■, the same Timocharis obfèruauit conjunction.
Moon will end with corn. Time Julian Martijix, writing feptimi.
ErgoneomeniaElaphebolionis XXIII February, weekday feptimi. Rcgu.
4 regulariElaphebolionis home 3 first period of a year 36 COM.
pofitus will give propofitus will make a feptimum who nevertheless are not conuenitC.
When charaeter 1. Io. 599 Jewish month 3467, on the first day, 2 4Fe.
bruarij. Finally, earlier this year the same Timocharis obferuauit.
Moon scptentrionalis touching them ftellarum, which are in.
front Bull, Paophi XT 1, Pofideonis xxiii feriaquinta.Tempus xx.
December. Therefore XXV 1 1 1 November in the new Pofideonis Wednesday.
quarter. That is false. For this period the moon.
Pofideonis, adneomeniam Elaphebolion, that is from November 28 ,.
2; February, fueritdierum 87.quifunt just under three fy.
Zygii faltem one day. CodicePtolemæi it is in error, though.
When charaeter Jewish Cafleu 3467 agreed that it was 3. 2o. 38o ,.
Wednesday. However, the method has been Callippus weekday prolific grams Noucm
2 6. For the period of November 3 charaeter 6, when the first regular Pofideonis.
In anao 36 compofito casting feptenario, dcderit make fruitful.
Ncccfsc igituromninocrratumfuifsc.
.
TAB vi aDE E 1000 N 500 E ar. E P O R T 1000 1000 V 50, p. 2. § ,.
!.
5 50 B A A A A A n e o 1000 E 1 N 1 O P E R V 1000 500 i..
A • • • • •.
A 50 1 100 1 100 P AR.
\.


{* C || §. 1f l; . | . . I & § 1 | 3, l s | 3. l. | :: 's. . | Jc £.
ÉÉ | § | those líilij FIE íí LIJ rf íilíijs | § | j; jjjjjjg | 33 | ;;;:;:.
3 | 33.] §§ '§ i. | § 5 [§ 5. £ $ || §§ | £ $ | 3 § || §. §. | J * § §. | § § j £ 3 1 3 | 2 ά'3. | end :.
* £ • a. 1] 1 4 1 _7_ i i- * **? -Goes. "; _ *, * I-384 | 1 3 6 1; 1 2 8 Jun.
] 1 5 1 _6_ SY * - * - * - '' -7; 3, II 6 _ '*,' • _ 1 O [739 [35 1 1 AG is July.
i £ ». 3 | 1 6 •, • >> - *; * r "-7- l - * - *. * I * 1 1 1 33 | 38 17 p. 6. IUI..
i. 4] 17 "," 4 "," 1 7 each; > 1 - * - *; 6 * * * - 1 - 4 '., || 1477 | 5o | 25 Jul 33 e.
-7 vs. $ 53 3 9 • e * ->; - * * * - * * * -'- m * o A 29 1 83 1 500 14 July.
'' Μ € • x. 6 i "-r * g 7 - * *; -1; ' * * - * - *, "7", 33 1 5 J 7; 35 100 BI: Jul.
Β 7 * 1 - 3 - 6 E. E `- | - f i * Z ** -3 l. •: • _6_ | _ • | * 57 * || 87 4o | A 11 Jul.
2. $ 9, 7. 5 " ' '-', 'f' £ 7 l. * _ * O | 39: 4 || 99 46 | G II July.
A £ ^. 9] 3 1 _5_; - and -r * * * -7; -, 6 *, *. | 3 ses | to J ss | F |> Jun.
i o. 4 'I' 5 7 *; i- sp * * "* - *" - - _O 366> | is, | 58 E 500 || 18 Jul.
1000 x. 1 1 5 '-' • 25 ... e5 -4; • i-; - * - 1 - *, 'f.' 4o46 135 || 64 | 100 7 Jul.
1 i 2 1 6, '', '3', * 6, * 2 ** 5, 1 - 7: 3 <| 44oi | 149 | 69 | B 6 ial.
13 7. ' . n ^ ¢ - * - »g. -I; - *. * * 4755] 161 | A 75 1 16 Jul.
ACoa. 14 8 || *; ; - *; -r n; -7- Oh * 3 5 5 1 39 | 174 | 81 || G F || 4 Jul.
1 5 9 *; * -> e 5 l. 7. *; i- *; * V * ". ' ., || 5 493 | ​​86 || 87 | 33 Jul e.
H '| he] | *; ° |, 1 | * | , | * | "" |, | E |, |, | · e · | mouth | "[P | isl.
ACox. 17 i. * -1 • "" "7 <;; -ī; ** * 25 - * * -'- | - 63 32 | 211 93 100 • IUI.
, $ || 13 '' 3 •; 6 to n 2. T - 3 * - * 23 - * - 1 - ° 6586 |: »; , | io4 | BA | ao Jul.
c | ,, | • [ "£ |, | E | 1 |, | 37 |, |" | 1 | * | 1 | "|" | 1 | · | | | A | so.
••••] ** l, l '£ |. | FL • [ "*" | , | , £ || , | * '| | ** | ** | * | no [Y | * Jun..
 I 2 1 1 5 1 2 * * - * R She ;? E '. ; ' -7. * 3 ° i- | i- ■ - * - * 7679 1 26 1 1 1 | E Jul 17.
 I ~ J • 1 • 2 ^. •.
fa. * »| 16 * * - 3; t Έ -7- 3. 3. | # 7 i- * * * 8o6 || 373 | 1: 8 »Q Jul 16..
• • • 13 i / *.
2 3 17 ¢ -1-1-. 3 AI - * - I-i; -I:; I Ε, - 8417 | 285 B 34 Jul I33.
] **] tit], [ ''], [ '], |, | 3 ||, | * |, |'. "! s |, | V | | by | Jul.
_ _. 22. 2 26. 2 * 7 SO. 1.
£ 5 from £ .x.2 | 9 | _ 7; i- • • - * Σ -i E - J, - E? ' 91 5 5 | 3io 1 1 4 5 | G 3 Jul.
• n | 6 *? 2. * * - - Τ; - § - * - t " '-I *, e * [9599 [*** | If the F || 21 Jul.
»| • | j. | , | '| , [*], [**] * [ ""], [*]. I [••• | | Us [P | ° Jul..
21. 3> IKMOTVZ | ~ 1 nq. o 3. 4 • 7 to 11. 12.
ίμGA. She 8 3 - * - £ - * - £. - - t #, 8-l * -; • H- -A | O248 1] 347 | 16 '. .
3 9 4 3 1 _7_ *; *; - * - £ fa-i- j; i- 35, E6 - E., | ic6c: [359 | 168 A G17 Jul Ia. .
* ACoA.} O 5 | -f. ** -7 ',' 'i-,?, - * y; - * - E *, -ī; ;, - io986 p. c. A G $ 17.
ID 3 1 6 1 3. £; - * - i. -lt I; -7- Έ; + E *, - | * Ζ. : 18o. T.
      . | 1 1 1 2 * K * §; |; |; * ,! ;;;, ||| '; || i; C. 95 139 8; D. Jul.
James ". 33 | 8 | -: |.

Page 80

 5 •..
Io II 14. 15 18. 19 2 :. 23 26. 27 5 ^. 1 1:43 3 1 4 * 1 197 Q B [2; Iul.
41-1-1-7-1- l-i- | - * l * ■ - ■ - i- | and l £. 's.
34 9;; | - [..., [| ;, 15. 16 ■ y.To | T | TE, 1 1; 87 I 43; {: c; I A r> Iul.
3 * l * ° the | -i- - * - ■ - * l7- i- i- I 1 • 1- i- | - * | i le
• ._. A_. 27. 28 i: 6. s; 2 •; •, 5 * * I v, * 1 3 171 || 446 [: c9 | G Ka. Iul..
To £ * •} 6 null. 3 If, 5'i .- [st. - | - [t, [- =, [- 135: 6 | 458 | 214 | F so Iul.
37 l ** 1 4 1-4 l. 7. l • | | • i l * l l l i- | - 4 l £ l 7 '? .
¥ TITI, 15. 16 19. 2c 3. 2 *, 7. 28 3rd. i n 388o | 47th | :: c | E D || 9 Iul.
53 1 3 * * 3 5 6 I 2. 4. s 7 I 3 4 o.
H 3 RE1IaoITvoSIHdasoIa6.
"InI6ajivyors6944, toºººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººººº
"InIot5 $ v || 3: 5 $ ovºto". | º4.sº ".tºl; 4.
InI'PX | V || 6: y916 || 1 $ oztI8t'a-º, - .T-F-i.zjiºI44 (ºr's.
"In§1> | {zy806 || 4999: oºº'sāº-F-ºz-º, -F -.-. Ar {A ,.
intºq | 4 || 168 | {{9: * - º: z-º + ". º, i.T. & c4.
* Ialar | ss | siss.),: * T3.-F-E.z-Tºº - º, zºTFT | 8 || 14'x5 '.,.
"Iul $ 1H59oy998 || $ 499: oº3.7.-F -.- #. FIg.-2-º4o4.
CIIII.4, v | ookw88ozºát + it's + ºād '.-- in'o., º969.
* In8g | # 68tº8 || 9.98% t4 .- * - F-sº * -F-81% z-º, -F-º $ 89voºr's.
wººlon | a || * ||||||||| .|||||.}:], a.
'uni6laaisas4-or's + a *, *!' '||||||||| .'s.9T | g99zºº ,.
In, s | 44 | yes | & t = || 3 || 3 || TFT | <| T. and | 7 ||||| T | 4 || 3 |||| = ||. $ 9.
| ** | - || 8: 4 | ** {| _ | ** || ** || ** ||||.
"Inrr5 || 14 | 164688 & z - '' s + & '. Tºº * #' s.cºr # 9.
"I'lv | 98c34sto: - & - * | * | * 4%: * º8.a's4.º, 6 £ 9" wºr '".
'In $ 1go | 64t494 | 1892 & - + º-H3,. | Z - * + Tº81z9.
"ITISt.CIw $$$ 3496:; - º +" aºTyTº + º, -zº, F | Z, 19 |.
*, g | 898 || # 4tº61: * º's * or's + * + ".- # .3 | 9, joyº".
41Htw8 || 084 || 8% $ 1: -º * e'sºa'sººººº's $ 169.
* "Jovs.sººn. * |. '|,, | * | *, * | * | S.'.".] '| .|||| **.
Q "In1.g | 08 || $ o4ow8or-5- * wº +". º, s.-Iz7.FT | t, 49.
"Subottof {69 || 9pot-a ', - º → º, º,; - IIºaº, -7-: 9%.
"It's'ExCI] 61: 189 || 1,10t * .a'szº, -F-º-z- {1 * p" .- II $% ºr ,.
"InEr3 & $ 18899 || 4: 461º * -T. | Z-F. + ººāa ', or **.
| Introupl | * | * | * | *, '.] 5 |. | TFº7 |||| 7 ||||. | 9 ||| s.
"InIg | V | cot # 9 || 81061º's - ** + of sº'sisºº4. * º:", 8z'voys ;.
"Ini $ 1g | $ 6t189 $$ 981 - + - zº'sºcº, ** gº4.19.
* "Pg | * | *** 4 |||| * lº's-gº.] '|.'.] '| <*, * | Es.
isalº | ** + a '.- º-2,' |}. ** - º, * | 6 + vºw.
this, s | 34 | # 6, # 341 | * | * |,., a'5 ||| T || T |, | TFT. |,.
| - || 8 ||| ** | ** |||| ".8 ||| ** - | ** 8t.
"unsof5tér | 189 || 88141- + a ', - g's-d's * -ºs4% 8.4x5".
final \ vg | 99: | 6.9% $ og21º: & 9e'rIº, S ** z; I "a9 | z94. |.
g | ** | * | * | * | * |||||., ||||||||||| *: * '||||.
'In1: q $ 4: $ # 5 $ 6091 + cº, ºI: Iºsº, zº9 + * 6.I ++ coºf.
stsm.I # 1g | 6 + zt & 114g19I7-H- ||||||||| z8Isfofisis || 4 |||| t | <| _ | _ | 2: & 33 | "| *.
"In14t35 # zoz! [49: & 1 -'.--" 's ** rºl2. * | * 1 | z {.
'Mi> v) s ºso; scos, a *, ** ||| ".TºFºIº, slº.Tº9,19voyº's.
! ns4g |: 8: $ 64. || $ 194,1Oº, Tºº, -F-º-2-7., - F -.- → º $ Iof ,.
"I8: -? 9tz * + 9: # 1 | * $ z * -7-1z • or: + º-Hºl'º, - T.9 | *, (8vºl., ºl {3 | {## # | 35 |}} | º] if | ## | ## | ## | ## | ############ | #.
:.] ## | #### | ## | ## | # | ## | ## | ## | ## | ## | # 3 # | ## | # * {| ## | ## .
* aujoonº • | HRF. * | *** §sa''Ipoli \ odluuy.
# 9adi1voIdoIad.
WAYIVINH.W.O.H.N.3 / TA {IVJ.W.A.ACIISHYI.
GICID E E M E N D A T T E M p o R v M L 1 B. II..
9r.
A D E P E R I O D Ο L V N A R i.
  c A LI P PI c A A B A vT v M N o.
AliP P vM periodum fuam in gratiam Alexandri inftituiffè ,.
(, you book priore demonftratum. Exorfus enim fuit a neome.
nia 7vdvg \ / \ /%, which has been cited in v. 1 Etobris. Nam and anno.
Hecatombaeon Calippicus erat in Ix Iulij, fair vi. Eft enim vltimus.
annus Periods Calippicæ æftiuæ, fiquem fingamus illam perio.
dum multis fæculis before obtinuiffe. In Tabula Neomeniarum Heca.
last year, last days started in July 9, Lunar 13 cyclo.
Watch for Olympia, vt alibi difputatum eft. Hoc
Moved Calippum, vt totum periodum Olympicam rctexeret. Et.
B præterea Boedromion Calippicus cæpit fixta Septembris, fair faith.
fills: half moon defecit, eadem fair: & poftea copiæ.
IPerfarum ab Alexandro viétæ. Incipit igitur illa periodus Lunaris.
to Pyanepfione, I saw Octobris, which was on the lookout Boedromionis Te.
nine-year-old trapezoid, they were Calippici, the fifth of them veterans Boedromioni3.
Attici Tetraeterici, & vicefima I have added Macedonicæ anti periods.
what In which nihil puto innouatum praeter menfes Macedonum, cum.
pro Autynthe autumnal Hyperberetæus antea folftitialis in eius.
locum fucceffit: quod in honorem Alexandri faétum. Pryterea ne.
 what locus menfis intercalaris mutatus, cum menfis Macedonicus ;.
who ab Hyperberetaeo putatus refpondet Scirrhophorioni Attico ,.
Could you do anything wrong, vt inperiodo Attica. Year 54 fecundæ pe.
riodi fuit Eclipfis Lunæ, Nabonaffari 547, Mefori 16, fair vi, So.
I'm in Virginia landmark. Tempus 2 2 Septembris, cyclo Lunæ 1 o, cyclo.
Solis 5. Anno 55 fecundæ periods, Nabonaffari 548, Mechir 9 ,.
fair 2, iterum Luna defecit, Sole in Piscibus collocato. Tempus, 19.
Martij, cyclo Lunæ x 1, Solis V I.
Denique eodem anno 55, eodem [MEN35 ° M ^ | M £ N ***.
    Ë Attici.etiam Nabonaffari, Mefori 5, fair C1ED or N I C ττici.
3, Moon defective tertium, Sole xv | £ ** • *..
Virginis obtinente. Tempus x 1 [& iwir. ποσεισμέr.
     - t.
Septembris. Videmus hic Virgi g * £..
    7rpo £ • r.
Dne ad Pisces mutaction years ago | ji £ vg. άλαφn £ λιόr.
'& tam, to Piscibus ad Virginem non [39 ;; Parvx **,.
  a} τιμῖoi &.

Page 81


faet. He began the year by the Au [Ἀgn and [OIG j.
       J & EE ¢¢ oeuâ '; • i
tumno, and hence the periods of the year £ * ....
  * Twεμ O t.
A cycle of the moon first 13 "is not a | £ 10 * μετεχειτμ.
  • _ 1 • yopriaïG. G: NA} ομέν.xIIII as the year of the first period at Marcus
tica. But why Ptolemy mcnfes.
fubticuit, qüialibitam curiofa foie call them? San £ true and indisputable *.
A tatæ92 4 1 1 e p h o s s c a 50 1 G E R • 1.
Dad cauff to pass, that he is afraid that it fimenfes of the Macedonian, so that the aCalippo A.
tranfpofiti were unsubstantiated, that confusion lectoripareret. That.
Fane was not able to be avoided. However, we Salius Eclipfi menfes care of them.
In 54 periods of Callippus attic, Hecatombaeon was July 12, in the letter.
D. There was, therefore, of the week iv, cycloSolis v. When she charaéterifmo Boedro.
Mions Compofita Bocdromionis gives will make a vu of a new moon, On the day of the IX.
ptembris. Eclipfis then fell to 14 Boedromion Athenienfis ,.
Macedonia is nouiGorpiaei. Rurfusquarta fifth week cu cha.
RA & terifmi Elaphebolion Compofita, abieéto feptenario, gives fair.
Elaphebolion second or new DyftriMacedonici v March. I
Blow up the investment Elaphebolion or Dyftrifuit v March, and microwave.
άe Eclipfis XT Elaphebolion or Dyftri a year Attic 54, § 5 B.
Macedonian. Lastly, Hccatóbaeon 55 years attics and Macedonia Ka.
Lender of July, on the first 3 charaeter Boedromion any other compound.
NES almost 4 moons Boedromion population; Gorpiaeiautem nouiin.
29 Auguft. Therefore, Eclipfis 14. Boedromion, or Gorpiaei. Or again.
no 57 of the third period, failed moon 6o7 Nabonaftari, Tybis say z, Fe.
XIV ing with;, 35annopcriodi Iulianae 4573.Tempus 27 January in the day of the week. Ini.
8. Blow Hccatombgonis July 2 O components that annicyclo Sunday, Monday.
"Fecunda.quæ Compofita Cu 2 charaétereGamelionis, gives fair guar.
Ram Gamelion a new moon on January 14, when litcrit Sunday of.
£ 500 T Therefore we Eclipfis fell to 1 or 4 Gamelion Audynæi news.
C. That the people of Macedonia, however, we have noted from the rich man Tetraetericis
obferuata, id est, quodSyromacedoncsduplicianno a woolen shirt, men.
Flume q iaxo / y & Lunar 3nuâp as solebant attics among other things fir.
Opinion able to bring edible, believed rich teftisIo.
fEph, quiitascribit άάζετaιετίδεκατηΧ ($ άλγωνn & oh. The Hv.
perberetaeum 10% Cελήlu for the AgrJ% and TGT; αετηρικός τειαχον%.
jusc6 uh 10% Q ^ wire. Even so, Plato said veuluido% x% of sharing, GA ,.
it is one of the veum U) x3'Ga% of sharing, this method tetraeterica menfis.
ngia * o13mu338. From these words Iofephus manifeftumeftipfisIu.
DAEI menfium Macedonicorumappellationem the vfu fuiffe incontra.
And below that, where vtebantur aeraMacedonica.
ON E P O R Y O RO 500 Mace DONVM D.
A 50 E 10 500 N A L E A.
En e Callippus fact that exceffumvnius day 6 to 7 annisMe.
tonicisprimus discovers she declared, and emédauitSed to Oeconom.
miamcauorü menfiuminftituendâ, tantifper fuftinere until 64.
tranfigantur days, hocvero force is equal to the movement of faith. For this matter.
paetre duomenfespleni immediately, the head annicontinuantur: cumtamen.
cuiuscunquc from the beginning of the period of the lunar du9 mcnfesprimi minoresfint ,.
Succeeding scxaD than 500 E N T E A T P O R V 1000 1000 51 B. 2. . 93.
|.
A than by the fexaginta a day, 56 minutes by day and pretty much, from one who has recently urgent circumstances.
iuftidiei size. Atquialternatio full and cauorum men.
fium more and the movement of faith and vfui democratic and taken plebisaccommo.
dataeft: quamquamnon can serve that in the other is always to be in touch, with the.
fintpleni menfesinperiodo ifta by far the more numerous, than the caui.Nam499 are.
a full 441 of the cavity. To whom I set hollows of menfes difpenfàndos they will not be.
expeétandi day 64, for example, in the period Calippica and Metonica3quando.
Indeed, this is far from move to the faith and vfupolitico, but rather another.
the way to be tried. In periods Calippica days were 27759, fyzygiæ 94o :.
diftribueris which fiin day period, it will be an interval of one fyzygiæ, dies.
29, $ single day. If the first full year menfem, like system.
B poftulat, inftituantur which bears fruit is hollow, alternatively uniform.
shall proceed in three times, until the day of the exceffus minutes of 94o above the one ;.
the composition of the solids that year to the general ùzrêgîu £ $ E9.
This is days; 55, embolimaeum to 385 days, such that,.
mediumannum of one of the day, or in the fall after the same tametfi menfem ,. he exceffus
both rejected the lime menfis than ten years. Having made such a animaduerfis.
they are repeating the previous book in the popular diximusde Greece ;.
The year the popularity of Greece conftabat menfibus all.
found to be full, with the appendix of two, for which the aiagχ & ς ημάegς and called for their time, and when.
Hecatombaeon ncomenia first radiation impinging on nouilunia ,.
meomenia Items concentrating again to nouilunia. The FPA.
100 parts Tetraeterida City. So far as the ravages of the year.
Greece, we will call every year at the same level or menfe.
Tetraetericos. It was a purely lunar year and another person, whom aegv%.
3 veio call from auétoribusprimumOétaeteridum inftituto, Deindc.
From Enneadecacteridibus metonic, Calippicis and Hipparchicum shrink.
mixttire.

Page 82


fyzygias be comprehended praecifè, as a new stratagem, and therefore; whether the same period.
noruminftituit, Attica, he, indeed, aSolftitio, to Alexandria, however, abauium.
tumno. We have already said above Hyperberetaeus from the acquittances of the same level.
July, men of Macedonia from the IX to the VII Octobris: that is, from Audynæo of acknowledgment for the.
Hyperbcretæum. In Macedonia, the Greeks of this period things.
500 nóuarunt than nineteen years previously solid inftituerat Calippus. Therefore.
with the ipforum, and the year should begin at the mense the Olympic race, of which the nearer parts of epo.
chaerat ix, July is, there is ftatuim new moons, and Hyperberctæi periodic time.
The lights of the new moon at their AbIudaici 3449, which charaeter 2.
5.81 ,, the second week, Long July, cycloSolis force of the moon is 13. Concentrated.
Both of the new moon is so uniformly Lunar menfis Hv.
perberetæi, idq; XIX of the current year after a defeat to Arbcla. Therefore.
visum SyromacedonibusAudynæum in the Hyperbcrctæummerit;.
  ... v 1I \ @. O s e p h 1 94 1 50 1 G S C A L E R
aufpicari period here at the same level as Grgci Macedonians Ma A.
ccdoniatribus menfibusantea started. Fuitenim purely Olympic ,.
as we have said so many times. Why Hyperbcretaeus equable in the first pcriodi.
Oh, and cut into eight orb. The cli κάττον μάτωe / yoy by ancient Greeks.
Rum, Hyperberetaeus the LunarisinSeptcmbrem, as the first.
Hecatóribaeon Callippus æquabilisincidebatin 16 July in the moon.
on June 28. combustion; the end of the anniSolarisSyromaccdonum incidcbat the main force.
Oh, and the orb, and intercalatio attacks. Their popularity year mm.
you, than with the ends of the anteuertebat. Where are carried out as in Julian rccepto ,.
Syromacedonum and rcliqua Syrian incipiantannum fuum from O & tobri ad.
This vfqucdiem through seventh day Oétob.in seeks said: ον μέστωe /.
VO: The Jews, too, have been anniilliusSolaris veftigiaferuent.Scdhæcita, B.
fiquidem Callippus year Tetraetcricum reformed fequamur.Alio.
and He began to doubt that an Olympic Hyperbcretaeus vin, not seven of October. for example Lib.IV.
explained. Double the period of the Macedonian smooth, even.
Moon, such as the period aegv% @ ah Athens Hence from Du.
Hypcrberetaeus simple and just to Oétobri, Luna in September.
ncomcnia in the first year of the pcriodi fell into ncomeniam Boe.
dromionis years x 1 x Calippicae first period, on Thursday, in itself.
ptembris 1. It stands celeberrimae the beginning of this period ,.
LunariSyromacedones the MCRA, the Chaldeans, Jews hagarena and.
the rest of the Arabians being vñ are. Embolimaeus year than the first, fourth, Fe.
ptimus, ninth, twelfth quintufdecimus the tenth feptem C.
And so on in the other three cycles. VA fius and $ 9 for the annifunt.
the whole of a period of fifteen days. For seventy-six years Lunar simple.
ces made the z 69o4. DC all the time periods of 59, 277 and withdrawn i.
Oh, and there are twenty-one days, leaving 855 to menfes full embolimaei ,.
And fifteen days praeterea who is the annostotidem Ja? Nug.
a & gp, out the above, which are of the progrcffu fyzygiarum, that is from the Compofitione day.
Rum 29: 3 confurgentes make these periods of the year Üäénuiges, 3, 1 Oh ,.
14,19,24,3 Oh, 35, 4a, 44, 51, 56, 6o, 65,7 Oh 76.Nunc see where.
fedes embolifmi and cuimcnfiattributa fuit.Lyfias preferred & usSyriæ book.
Macabaeorum in the ongoing Sclcucidarum 148 (which is nevertheless 5 1 Oh really.
He was) writes Jews Defiderius coruma Rege be obtained. Epifto D.
restored to life, for what he writes, it is given mense Dioscuri. It does not cft between the menfis.
menfes Macedon ordinary. It was a ramrod. Amman.
embolimæus year, that is to say, feptuagefimus fourth period: a.
valdc system of rciaccommoda as mcnfisgeminus said Diof.
to heed others, quaestiones he Caftorcs flue Auöoxag9; Aries said.
Poftquam the lyfis impctrauit poftulata the king of the Jews; RC.
writes the King, as well as to lyfir, tumIudæis, mense Xanthico.En Intercom.
 latumDE E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. B. y 1000 50 1 2. 95.
"Winged between autumn and fifteenth, and even long before that Xan.
thicum. Term goal of a sudden is not so much it could not. Retinue.
They then Syromacedonum old embolifmi happened in the menfe bru.
bad that refpondet Pofidconi Attic and scebat Syria. MofesMe.
The Syrian redinæus fàccrdos said Andrew Child, said it menfe.
Stretches Teboch calling. When scripfiffem and revered.
Patriarch Ignatius Ânti8cheno and give tiffimo man, I wonder how much rifu.
Mofis then received a call Meredinæi, then eiusfententiam. Mafia.
wonderfully, however, is under a delusion, when he supposes that menfes of the Syrians, Chriftiano.
Rum is merely Lunar effect. Reperiffe be written in the book of Syrian ,.
Alexander, 12 years deceffiffe bar Cepha 2 with 4 x 1 1 1 scebat day, Sabb.
BTO. Of course, it Chriftivulgaris year terms with 913, of which 1 x 11 Fcbruarij there.
Saturday. However, the mafia, and think that the year of Christ 914, and See.
but it gazes effects. Both of these, however false. This is it.
The epoch of Alexander the age of Alexander Christiani Syrian Arab.
nuncTerich Alescandriæ however, now TERICH dilkarnain call, ideft.
άποχω àxàg & *%. For Alexander% hxíg call is so scul.
tempered in cash Cyrenaeus. Alibinotamus Syria even further.
Chriftianos epoch in from the Oétobri this to begin with, it has happened for the sake of the anti.


Page 83


Octobris fixed. The Arabs, however, from September propterindiétiones Cow.
ftantinianas: nifimauis propterannos of the Emperor Diocletian, whose chief place is a 29.
, 100 Augufti so vtSeptember pencThoth Diocletiami claim the entire meet.
l. vtrofque, however, the name of Alexander, although the duodecimannis solid.
from the death of Alexander, have started from.
MENSESTSYRIORVMT.
l.o Oh - a /.] Tifrin first.
1. i52 EIA / Tifrin Pofterior.
1.A Oh Noi |> | Canun prior 50 A T E R C v l v s.
\ Charm & erifmi be.
1. v.52 <O Jia] Canun poftcrior Ęgruasris.
 A = a] Schebat mm.
| period | Regular.
MONTH embolism VS. ----.
 32] month 2 2.
 1 1 1 6.
Jo.s] Nifanius 1; i | :.
; ...] [Ijar. 5 1 L.
<J: \ »| June 5 1 1 1.
vosoZ | Tamuz.
J>] | Ah.
\ DE ...] Ilul.96 1 O's. E p h s c a 50 1 1 G E R 1.
A P E R T A B V 50 1 1 500 O N S O R R 5 M.
AL E x 500 A N R E and AE.
... SS.
#_ |: .fi 3 → §> # 5. # ~ A. 3 "§.
#, ...! T | 53 | 3 | _G] o Sêfer | 37] ig ~ x.! 39 | _i3 | 3 | _B_6 Sept 3.
 2 | 1 4 T4T FT], 5 Sept 13 '4o | 1 4 | 2 | A Gþ4Sept.) (3 | Azi.
3 1 5 Iteta] asep ✉5} ## 41 | +5 ~; ~ ff Sept. 14 | 1 '.
ŝuºx | 4 | that | 6 | D_Cþ_Sep / 34 is x. | 42 | Io | 4 | ETB Sept. | 34.
5 | 17 | 5 | _B_H 2Sept., 15 43 | 7 | 3 | _ D_ | 32 Sep.] * 5.
`| 6 | 18 | 3 | A | 1 Sept 2 6 44 | 18 | 7 | 100 B1 O Set | _ 7 | * SS.
"# • £ o. | 7 | 1 9 | _6_TGTRT Aug | 37 iacx. | 45 | 55 | T5TITÄTBTÃug | _37.
'| 8 | 1 | 5 angleFIE | 8 Sepù5 46 | t | TATTGTİ9'Sep. | 1 8.
Su & ​​c. | 9 | * | * | D_ß Sept.) 29 x £ ATI. | 47 T | T | TFT | 3TSept | 25.
* N |} |} | 100 | 6Sept | 11 [× 48 ZD | 3 | 7 | ETD¡å Sep: | 11.
· 1 1 4 | 16Sept 6 ° C.) From 1 | 49 T4TITAT CTİ5TSep. 2. 2.
iºĉº | 1 2 | 5 | 3_A_G | 4 Apr | 33) IUCAT. | 5o | 5 T [ÈTh`Ŝ & E | 32.
1 3 | 6 | _ | _F_ |: Sept. 3 | I4! 5 1 | 6T | T7TİTATþ3 Sept.] I 4kæş.
14 | 7 | º_¡EIha scgi 3škæ; 7TÍTRTİGTFIBISEDEJ25 '.
§4Ca. | 1 s | 8 | Itdte 4]; TSEP. 357 5 3 | 7 | 5 13 Sept | *} _.
~ -! • 8 ŢTITE | Sept: | 3 6.
16 | 9 | 3 CIB! Xo, Sept | Su x £ 17.] 53 | ° _ | _ _ (_ Pt] »gods.
`• - --A] AEI =] - 5 54 | 9 | 1 | 500 | 1oSep T. | 17.
lies. | 17 | lo | _7_ | _A_ | 9_Sept.] 28 *! -! {-! T`.
"S | Ti | 3TIGT28 Sept | _9 | . iæ »¡55 | 1e | 3 | _C_5 Sepº | * |.
19 | 53 | 3IIF] * 7Sept.2Skæ; 56 | by | 4 | B_A Sept. 7} | * n | *.
ŝp.cºa.! x (3 | E 1 500 | 6 Sept | 32 57 | 1 2 | 3 | _G_ | September 17 | °.
2 1 İAE7TICIAE5 Sepf! T. eaca. | 58 13 | 6 | F_ | Sept. 6 | 3 '.
... 4> [T5 | 4 | BTH4Sept.'23 "59 | 14 | 5T [5 Sep TETE. | 1 2.
iu (* | 3 | to | 1 [A] _ Sept. 34 | | 6o | 15 | 2 | DTCH3SEPE | 24 | art..
14 | _I7 | _7 G FH1 Sept 16 | Aza ćaĝox.) 6 1 | 1 6 | 7 | B |; Sept | 34.
 1 s | _I8 | _5 | # $ E, p, 3% 64 T7 | many [TATAESept | T5.
Joints | 46 | 19 | * | Avg • •} th · 500 37 63 | 7 8 | 3TG_ | İSept | Zo.
27 | 1 | 1 | 100 | 19 Sept] l8 iucx. | 64 [l »| 7} FTE Saugus | 38 |.
iacx. | 28 | _ | 5 | B * Ağ_ Pº | 3o 65 | 2 | 3 | DTF8Seğ | I9 | 4.
49 | 3 | 4 | G | $ ° EPT | E | m £ o. | 66 | _A | 4 | _C_ | 3 Sepf | 29.
O | Title F_ | Sept. 6 | 27} Aesar 67 | _3_ | _3_ | _B_E7Sept | Ixo.
#cx | ,, [5 | 6 | Proposition | _ ° Pº | 3 68 | _4 | 7_A_G}: 5 Sept | 22.
3 x | 6 | 5 500 100 | Sept. 23 | IX £ 14 sq. 69 | _5_ | _4_ | _F_H Sept. | 33.
"[7TX | B | 1 Sept 35 7} {| {| i *.
• → TÞTSEDt. ... '. 1 | _7_ | _ | _ | _D_ | _3 Sept | _24.
ëpıßæA) 3 4 | • • From Sept. 35 8 6 ~ / ĉuĉox. A 8 | 5 | 100 B | i ¡;.
  | 35 | 9 | 5 | G Ĥºŝept | 17 |. `| ',, | _5 | FITA 55];.
$ Wexam! * | 1 O _3_F_E? Sept | 28 iucx | 74 | I | 2 | _G_þ_Sept. | ??.
37 | 1 1 | 3 | 500 28Sept. | 9: 7 | t | 7 'F | 8Sept '] 9T}.
! 38 | 1 x | 6 | 100 17Sept. 2o | ÂÈÏÄÉË # t ....
The board en Syromacedonum period, which also astrologers and.
Jews was common in Parapegmata 4 × 4yop & gay is an old flame.
aÅžanyua iioJÚe4oy vouched. On the table are the sex ordincm, first.
  years.
A.
| T) E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 51 B. 2. 9 ?.
A year periods, fertile lunar cycle, the third chart & erifminco.
menfis walls of the first, fourth cycle of the sun, moon fifth epoch.
In the first year of non mcnfis Julian 5 fextus áëáây fiuegêy are equal.
Among the first new moon, dies menfis & κάτgoy μζτ @ e / YOV interieétæ.
xάτεον μάτωθινόν elsewhere have highlighted the effects v 1 1 Octobris she was.
fedes bifexti Aatiochemis dates and Jews.
500 E P E R H A 1 o 500 o 100 50 500 AE O R 5 M.
 A 50 x E A R N 500 E A..
ETvs opinion is whatever the Greeks in mathematics praeftite.
E runt, that will be totally to the Chaldeans, the Egyptians having received the & refercndum.
That is partly true and partly false. Obferuatio ancient Greeks.
MCS eclipfiü from the Babylonians geometric figures from the Egyptians refused.
But, them ncqucaftrologiam, the Chaldean, nor the geometry Ægyptijdo.
pla. Quæcunquc Thales and Pythagoras, the Egyptians Aia.
ztód \ x% learned about Plato and after Plato and others demonftrarunt ,.
The same applies for Aftrologia dicaslicet. For the things which Timocharis from the Chaldæisob.
feruataaccepit, he is vulgar and common habits fuisGræcis Gcometricc demonftrauit.
yourfcif which was started rcliquit it HIPPARCHUS polished. What.
Finally parchus unintended ca nouiffimus old Ptolemy.
brought into the light. This increase under these degrees in mclius progress.
(100 gods oftendunt Greeks and foreign acccpifTc not perfectly, but the cot.
She excoluiffe such as nonamplius Greek and G4ig τῶδες effent that.
man of Egypt, he, reproacheth his in Herodotus, but rather magiftra care of.
carriage wisdom. It is known from what he is, and fuperiorc book Disp.


Page 84


detecting, and which I called for a long time fruftra the matter had attempted to while they are not inuc.
the limited resources of the moon fpatia finished, doncc Tctracterida.
oëtaeteris O & taeterida Enneadecactcris, his first Calippica ,.
Calippicam poftremo Hipparchea changed, so that the final am.
the best ends, and veriffima. The openly declared degrees.
infinuaffe the minds of the Greeks, indeed, the objects of mathematics, can in no Gods.
) 1) daeo, in no Egyptian leading the way, the Babylonians ipfos was just me.
The solar Lunar Monimcnta lack of memory and learning.
conferuaffe, of which the cauff also of the Gentile quæfiuerint, which he brought from yourselves.
To the Chaldeans, have not been able to learn, with the cas to be unaware of. With joy.
The Chaldeans in ancient times to be a merely Lunaribus vtcrcntur mcnfibus ,.
the movement of faith acting in this way, no special skills, the Fed only obscruatione.
* ®dwa c, with a long course of vfu didiciffentLunam the vndetri.
thirty, or down to the smoke, and thirty days conficcrcfolcrc: ncque before.
Ingo i \ G98, 1 o s s c a r e p h 1. 1 C E R 1.
new moons, and in the vfum political order were to eat, rather than φαοιν obfèruaffent. A.
That is so true that even today, the Muhamcdani holds.
I have a period of years, and are highly prized and terifmos menfium in Al.
menichiis the gift, described with tamennon they wish to be admitted to the first new moon, and ,.
which, fiquidem to become a poffit, its birth, the Moon was contemplated fint: wherein you stand.
confpeéta immediately TRACTATIO month. In the old and doing the same thing.
DAEI as alibidemonftrabitur. In fine, Quodii touched attend.
täbant Chaldeans, who exobferuatione φασεως two menfes now cauos ,.
now fully continued. The case of those terms with the uncertainties of nco, therefore, Fati.
meniarum system, while the Greeks Calippicam period and cycles.
enneadecaetericos learned in decimononopoft epoch Calip.
pl hoceft vicefimoanno first periodiCalippicæ and fertile period B.
Alexandria cycle feptimo Sunday, the fourteenth year period.
Iulianae 44o3 just before the epoch æquinoótij autumnalis.Neo.
tifrum walls Jew was 3 451. 4. 4. 827. September 2 5. PyanepfionCa.
lippicus year 2 O, feriaquarta Matt Septemb.Itaq; coincides with Judas.
co. cauffa that was more like it in his native campaign period ,.
How fuperiore, which was to end in remotiffima Aequin and turned.
In addition, the lunar year is more convenient to begin vifus East.
From early autumn or elsewhere for half a year moon.
177 days were the autumnaliautem æquinoétio the spring funtdies.
178. So the fore fequente æquinoétium starts new moon be.
Aequin and turn the seven fall equinox. And this finedubio forged C.
'Convenience fpeétarunt ancient times in the year inftituenda. So at first.
Hyperberetaei ​​Chaldaici belongs to the moon of the first month.
Hyperberetæi productive Seleucidae. In short, he differeth nothing from these pc.
riod from the Syromacedonica, nor Abefita embolifmorum, or historical epoch.
New Moon, but only a number of years, and menfis embolimaei.
order. For years, this period starts from the ongoing Seleucidae.
This is the first Hyperberetaeus Babylon is Hyperberetaeus fč.
The second Syromacedonum. S ballet, however, does not fextus from the menfis.
Solftitiali menfe components, such as periodoSyromacedonica, but last term of the year, this.
Next to the front Hyperberetaeus. In the 8z Babylon ,.
Fifteenth moon starts four days before Kai. March, p.
Julian bifextili. Fare to pass the seven menfis. And it was.
Syromacedonum seventh year of fruitful period, needed embolimaeus.
Is not the seventh day of the mense, intercalary, or fexto. Therefore, the end of the year.
lap protector. During this period, the most famous among the Greeks and Chaldean.
"Roman was because propofita intervention has been rising and when the occasion.
fuum% φαρούω and corundcm fignification. The ágaryua.
'Calling fuiffe fupr said. Therefore it had to fignification ftel.
•. 'T. . . • • seagull.
.
j1 of the wings was to Columella, Pliny produce teftes the Chaldeans, the Assyrians were, or ,.
';.
1; ^ /] Tifie Σg; t 0te.
2 <o., "O] Marchefvan | ^ '9' 2.
3 | dScao] Caflew | ατελαίω 3.
4 A> l] ​​Tevet aJjuto '| 5.
$ J \ ^ o] scebat z $ ing) 6.
6 5: 1 month. Jösg © 1] ,.
> | J.] Nifanius 3ανδικός 2.
8 <a.co] Siwan dςτεμίσθ 4 |.
9 iijam ri [d) ajoiG 5.
1 called "Oz | Thammuz παῖςμ®. ';.
$ 1] | ἈδG) ^ i
, | | | \ O>] | £! U! , Yogaij® 3.
• 1. i52 \ Os ​​...] One of Elul. ... | Yognouo; d% reg93. '5.
Or say the cam ftcllam rise, or when even be on the set in the morning ,.
or Affyria, do not carry out these requests Parapegmata of this they were compelled to doubt.
5 & ​​Syromacedonum the gods defumpta effect each year on average.
for instance, and is capable of being purely Gentile, the lunar vfos fuiffe example of Athens.
c nienfium, Macedon, and the rest of the Greeks who duplician.
no vtebantur, as we have said, even ordinary people to ravage the equable, there came wise men.
layers of the Moon, which attics% x3 "(exfilw, also ἐάς τςυά.
stop calling you. But the Chaldeans vfos do not doubt that only a single act of sexual Lu.
summit, as did the Jews that it is written for the first year.
to have the whiteness, although he had previously vfurparent from the obferuationem or by another.
way. But this was done for both the Jews, the Chaldeans this period, rather than a thing.
at the start of the Solar epoch, indeed, have retained for the year, held on the xae £ Xa.


Page 85

 And so, ean.
haetenus Jews retain the same epoch as fequenti chapter.
Chaldaicæ credit periods are now in danger from them, she stresses.
500 by Ptolemy. In Nabonaffari 512, Thoth IX, the.
5 to 7, δε δ, sun deprehenfus in 5. 1 O Scorpij. Time of year.
period of 4477, Digest, October 29, Thursday, Sunday 2 cycle 5.
Dij of the new moon day fexta. 75 year Chaldean vtiam.
didicifti, is 76, and the last term periodiprimæ Syromacedonum. Hyper.
beretæus September 16 on Wednesday. Therefore, in the Table means periods of in a manner advantageous.
7 6 4 years since the region Compofita charaeter Alc 2, pofito the board.
menfiumdabit will make a vi, vt propofitum fuit.cui it was agreed Marche.
 FWamioo 1 1 2 1 s c a o s e p h e r 1 50 1.
£ 352 5.cuius charaeter 6.5.375 vvam Jewish year. AnnoNaA again.
bonaffari 519 Tybis 14, the king was 82% αδικά • • sun outlook.
mcbat 6.io 'Fish. Time periods of the year Julian 4485, January.
Martig on Wednesday. It was the fifteenth day of the new moon feptimi. Is.
8 ,, less abieétis 76, is fextus fruitful period Chaldaicæ, accordingly.
Syromacedonicæ the seven fruitful. Hyperberetaeus 31 Augufti, e.
via a third, cyclo 1111. Sunday that Compofita regular fifteenth z.
Menfium board, will give Thursday of the moon fifteenth. Err.
Then igiturbiduo, and consequently in Ptolomee legendumzwöixë Z ,.
there will be no hesitation E. 2d03ixâ. He will agree with it.
When two month of the year 353 2, which charaeter 5.12.178. Or poftremo.
no Nabonaffari 5o4, Thoth 27, fertile ones 67 drex ^ ojæ B.
7, 4. 5o'Scorpij sun was low. Time periods of the year, Digest, 4469 ,.
November 18, on the first day, cyclo Sunday to call Ergoncomenia 17- 14.
November, feriaquarta. Hyperberetæusautemanni 68 Syromaccdo.
Monday, September 1, liquefying 5 feptimi. Therefore, ncomenia you like to call the third day of the week ,.
no quarter, which was agreed 35 years charaeter Caflcu 17, Fuitcnim 3. 5.
1. So 42 is the code for error Ptolemœi ,? pro3. Haetenus quæha.
buimus of the year at Babylon. QuodautemapudCenforinumdeChal.
daica Dodecaeteride in written form, although it means nothing for this purpose.
verdict, however, because he knows digniffima ViFa is, it would not have passed.
The words Cenforini: Nearly this size, which is Dodeci.
illiterate person, who is from the animis vertentibusduodecim.Huic year, in the Chaldaean momen: quem c.
Genethliaci mom to $ olive Lunaeque running it, because fêdad / eruationes has more.
Bent suited to say that it tempeftates frugumque prouen.
frankincense and fierilitates, also morbosfàlubritate / t; friends. HGC old writing.
Cenforinus on begging. Moreover, he understands, however, Dodecaeterida, rather than a thing even now.
refer Chaldean, stand alone, India, Chataij, Turkey, Syria, Arabia, Totaro ,.
flue are. She is key; <al.Schaichun. They think that really fterilita.
ing, the disease emerged with other home, vtscripfit Cenforin.Ideo fingulos.
Dodecacteridis years the animals names, which affeetus.
eiusanniindicent putaannumpeftilentemvocantannumSerpentis.an.
Surely plenty Leporemannumbellicorum disturbances, Equum.an.
whether a successful agriculture and Taurus. year starvation mouse. Not so D.
Ccnfor the sky. genethliaci declares its fuiffe döde.
caeterida, but also Marcus pole Venetian l.2.c.2 5. It is known for.
æramTartarorum by Dodecaeteridas proccderc. The first year, Leo.
the end of the title is observed fertilizing Bouis third of the dragon, the fourth dog, and.
so it is with, an explanation should, until the twelve years. Why would not one.
genethliaci requested by the year of birth, refpondet be born verbigra.
indistance year Lconis she tell the night, and an hour and momcnto. idq; diligenter.
by their fathers.
D E 1000 N 500 E r. P O R T £ 1000 v 1000 50 1 B. 2. vol.
A light stamps issued by fathers a child, and in some book was written.
Having twelve animals, this is the twelfth year, again ad.
primumfignum, hoceft Cyrils point. This diferte pole Venetian.
Since the nonfolum taught vfus Dodecaeteridos fed etiamapparet.
in the names of the living creatures in all things those nations do not come together.
The bull for the cow flue, is indeed fruitful in bringing the year, as well in the Tartar words ,.
quamin noftra Dodecaeteride. But Dragon is the third tartaric with.
it becomes the fifth, ours are,. The dog is penukimus ours, and the fourth tartaric.
The first is that a lion is tartaric, who has a place in the noftra Nufquam.
Ignatius, the Patriarch of Antioch, a man of perfeétiflimus, I have not to take food.
poff to call him three times, when it has been the doctrine of the miracles wrought by all this people.
B abfolutiffimum model, is addressed to me, then fummus a year.
Chrifti 1581, advised him to his sixth year effect Dodecacteridis ,.
Surnames Serpent. Also bring his words, except fear.
impair the fault of training. For it is not in Latin aflequar, that he had said elements.
gantiffime language fue Arabian profecutus protector. However subject.
Dodecaetericæ diagram of that period, five languages ​​primumab.
At that registering and English we then returned. .
N N N N A A A 1 1000 5 1000 S 100 H A 1 100 A 5 X.
O si ve 500 500 E CA ETE R OS 1 500 100 1 100 A A A Ld: AE.
CRAI.
Italians. . Syrian Arabs, Turks, persist. & Iegurati.
S 1 iEES. J \ 3 GVE J ** |. B.


Page 86

 \ °] g.
P A R vs. 500 | 1 1 1 Ti; E J • J) \ l J} * | i R3.


 .

l EPvs | 1 1 1 1 | iasjl <) 3 \ y \ e.Jysj>. 3.
s R E P E N S | force | i.o. | 20 "/ 5 <" N "jc.
A 500 V in a a co \ *.
, ■ ''. ■ * * *. :::.
 * • • '.
E Qyvs V 1 1 | lamodo J J ° C] c ~] t}.
-.
Oh you want to 8.
If 1001 A.
 i.
G A 50 51 N A.
Dog ;.
; ". . . ? '. .
P o c o s e p h v S.1 O 2 1 1 1 50 S C A G E R L
Gauifi so that the smoke had read this Dodecaeteride A.
Cenforinum, the Pole Venetian and others through all conueniredescri.
ptioni Ignatij patriarch. , But not the poff contain myself, would only ask for.
In my wild fufpicion half of this year Chaldaicis & So.
decaeteride. I think the ancient Babylonians first year.
, Calippicæ fuæperiodiâ his first Dodecaeteridisincepiffe, and, save.
I do not lack conjecture, therefore diftuliffe of computation of fuum in fecun.
periods of the year, as long as the Syrians, because it seems that one year has periods of fecun.
climbed, the first fuiffe Dodecaeteridos. Nor do I doubt, but that that truth is made. Yes.
The year of Christ 1581, which was 189 2 men, 1 1 89 Babylon was.
do not fextus, but fept of that period. Etnoli uncertainty dehacre.Nam.
It is perfectly certain no other epoch of the Chaldeans, in the Thematibusgenethliacis B.
vfos years as Syromacedonica which speak fumes. And ropes.
Test feptimi Dodccacteridos incepiffe year to be in the midst afine.
Chrifti 1581, Ignatius was next to me scripfiffe eodemanno, restitution.
quamfextus to finemdecurriffet.
E P E R O 500 1 500 5 500 AE O O 1 A 5 M.
: '? Al DEAD 500 R E A.
1 c 1 is impossible, as to each velitentur old Magiftri.
* Hebrew when he arrived at the place of Exodus 12 :.
* 7 menfis Here you will start menfe. Is a man of these, C.
many die in the place of scripferunt (there are an infinite number) or who does not.
Jam to carry out the ancient Hebrews in difputandi. All.
confenfusvnus, Lunaria with fuiffe. And Fane they are correct. but wonderful.
diffenfio into the new dcterminandis with alijexobferuatione, alijex.
writing that call nxvn investigator, a folitis accord. And again, whether you.
Xae E. 4iae?, Or Xai * cwöga, inftitucrentur, are involved. In this.
"Beliefs, splits, who will intensify finger? Confugicndum to five.
| Tuftiora the nation moriumcnta. The Pandeéte digeftus Thal.
jmudicorum by the head Dew haschana completely written, it is ancient.
motion neomcnias% AI * 44o to the information folitis, and for that reason teftcs.
suitable for the Lieutenants of his sent an executioner, and his crimes, of vice, pure, undefiled, it is not Decimus
ebriofos, it is not Alcón, teacher of us all & Urnoi præmiatores: out of which the palace.
jnarum strike and a long diatribe inftituunt. Therefore reuerfirenun.
íciarent miracle vidiffe Moon is being produced, then the court fucclamabatur.
JuJJ ?? Vpp, is hallowed, sanctified to the moon. Subaudiens.
While the men, and therefore even today the rituals of the Jewish people.
$ Exists carmCn Monday Vitae fànétificandae. Moon ViFa Arabs.
ivocant JJ ​​», Halil: by which He wishes all Mahumcdani ncomcnias Inftit.
"- ** - • • • • ... ._ i. . - - - elect ,,.
£. '. ; : ^..
. • Succeeding 500 N 500 E A T T E R V p o 1000 1000 51 B 2. 1 O 3.
A chief a no Xai dares to voice N * »or J» est i £ ayagus. 8 \ • * =.
© than migrate. They also τ'ιω φαν υ! J reported Monday Vifione ,.
(He speaks Vitruuius) immediately, the moon, the noise imposed.
Since then, obferuationem neomeniainftituebatur, proptereanon m.
ro happened to them, so that the two mcnfes nunccaui, nuncfolidi, circle of investment was, on behalf of.
a 4% ancestry or ἐ ἐάσεως ἐφέσεως should not undeservedly account.
this diet is done from the Moon Rypa yE rainsa anomalian ye. R & Rs.
μόύφλάτοργή, τότε δ άσφαγετα. This is a place for habuiffè verifimile.
In vetuftiffimis Hebrew, which still account movements and resources Lu.
his nose was unknown. For they could not, except by the obferuationem, be less true neo.
mcnias to the common public. But the more I think that the jury ipfos.
B than in the obtinuiffe and Petir ecclefiaftica than the pole.
ticas moons fuiffe. Anyway, how many thousands of Jews only.
tislocoruminteruallis diffita, in the valleys, depreffis, in the places like North.
possessed, in which the moon rarely nascent human eye poteftatem.
fpeciei a fuse for the intercession of the clouds and the Moon gives birth.
motion, nor a messenger from Judea exfpeétare potuiffet? Oportetigitur.
by them that something præscripfiffe, that fequerentur on the new moon ftatuenda ,.
with its birth, the Moon was to see or tempeftates, or the familiar things turned out well.
whether the tough way. Therefore, we conclude that, by far the antetempo them.
m downstream of the books Meffias defignatam form habuiffe: so today.
equal to Jews alone, but also to the Samaritans, which called for both nav.
100 can, that is, aussi ^ ισμόν.Qui comes vtSamaritani, Quiabo plufquam here.
have nothing in common with the Jews to either gods or twice a thousand years, "nor for the human.
mihabent, habeanttamen the same as the name of who is a Hebrew, quoeandemrem.
pay close attention to: Of course, this would not be done, unless the matter vetuftiffima effet. it may instead.
pric is aussimus ^ ισμός. But, as I said in the account books of the year and the fourth and rcda writing.
sin, she is called in this way by either nation. To remedy the credit ,.
Roach in the same haschana extant in the courtroom when.


Page 87


habuiffe, the shape of the moon, which understands </ n <3o2ido Galul & Now.
OWoD to more than 3% y namely sanctuaries whenever rain or showers.
,, vifioncm moon eyes inuidercnt. Of course, I have high gait of this thing.
500 they were surprised, how is all this to be done poffet tempore. For the Moon.
it can be a few hours of a man as with a videri, even if seldom, idq; potiuscum.
it is in the battering-rams before the other. Scquentibus ncomcniae 44o * fæpenumero fč.
Secondly, the union will appear. So menfis would be trained and ruts.
thirty days. The Moon is the abfurd a year. However textusThal.
Mud in the same chapter it is said, the first night where the Tricefimo Lunafe as to be seen.
denied this, the new moons, and be defined in the usual, that the fane at another time calculator.
£ x writing was able to promise. Then f n'a, that is collcgiuih either.
1 4 consist 4. 1 1 o s e p h e r i s c a 50 G 1.
confistorium judges only the moon indicendi right habcbat: A.
The couple also was part of the right ^ ισμά, that is, menfes intcrcalandi.
ûuamuis the state of writing effect fitus embolifmi time through.
uafdam cause excelled party. Master taught us that fummus.
Mofes son MAIMON in sua IAD, the head Kiddusch Haccodesch :.
ppsi Nins * y) Assm v nsiprn Wye myn Inave pyrypny% n y y. Because.
three cafus intercalabant a year for the epoch cycle ,.
For the ripe corn, and the fruit trees. He adds :.
NPY, pnty fysn snow inty *) if, you Ty s% s aasn yin, 8, Pryve § **) Ds.
nuu, nptip meipo ^ nv 5'jvas: nymns pnaves is pagw% w y rapid ngen JPIA.
itpy tyva Figurn R ^ piy Champlain from the NPN 'NSP aasn nny Ta jnayn 2 in fe * "^ vy.
inta force priyix ninen wny via J £ Ya. If the jury is not yet animaduertiffent B.
cffet the ripening crops, but still FEROTIN effects, nor fruit trees ,.
The Easter season which will bloom, if those two arguments.
sickening and intercalabant a year. And though the epoch of the Annian.
teuertebat sixth-tenth menfis Nifanius, however intercalabant, Vt.
for the corn is matured effet, from the time that was offering up the team, or within fifteen 1 ,.
Nifanius, and all the more so rich in fruits. However, for this purpose.
A letter has caused the trial to the Galilean and Tranfiordanianos.
miffum, that are in the tombs of antiquity, together with many others, this mate.
congefferamus memory. , all of which have left in Gaul, nor nobif.
when he was governor of studies have brought hither, all damage. In that letter is returned.
reasons are given why they should do so from the Nifanius of Adar has been rich in: nimirumpro C.
for the sake of the fruit is not yet ripe, &, as their cauff, which the beak above the brought with us.
ÍPens iifdem to find words with the same mofer: pyiiy payr misled ^ ns.
JGY mis avyy nygri goal p ^ y ^ nus if the FPI fgya nyy mguja igy not ΠηΓ * pn) D8.
nus needs of 'pvyin PS, p ^ ayQ Panium NT jgp% y \ y alas ipia Among nºn G * A NTS.
In effect, taking account of the judges knew that if Tekupha Nifanius fextadeci.
MA Nifanius or later in the year and intercalabant change Nifanius.
Month stretches, namely that they be exposed to time Pefach cereals MA.
warrants of: & with the depository of this figno, so intercalabant, nor of.
Another reason was by human figure. Find the same things.
Talmud. From the preceding discussion, ficr poffe as two annideinceps.
intercalate: in the Talmud, Rabbi Akiba's Law _.
mouse that two successive years intercalauit. For supra diet is D.
etiamfi fextadecima Nifanius perueniffet to the Tekupham, however, Intercom.
larisolitum. If Tekupha Nifanius VIII was in April, when the cycle of.
£ t IX, the year Tekupha incident on Easter and although he menfis.
was called a month later, and Nifanius point in 2, or 24 Apri.
1is., Cited third paragraph However, other neceffitate intercalan.
O gods, for the sake of ἐπιχειμασίω, for the sake of tempestatcs, for the sake of building bridges of cuer.
fos, because of the flood waters and rain, when people went scilicct.
*. • '', together with ease.
   . '• ^ _.
500 E 1000 N 500 E e r. P O R T £ 1000 v 1000 51 B. 2. ro 5.
i.
T
B Cédons, vttoties show.
um it. For in so far _ || TABVLA characterize] For four of 1000 T E R N I M 4 Daicus 5 M.
Drante maximum daylight system.
 ] Commune. | Embolimaeus ,.
firms had the bag, they have -.
that day, so that instead of shutting fue [ '' '' ° '° t | [° 50 ° l °..
  III. [March wA N | _2._ | 3 | x | | _2_ | _ _ [_ * _.
Jewish exists in the account. [CAS Ev.TITETAT ETIB.
Why did Tekupha tifrum hurdles in e. [£ |, | £ |; [3] £ 100 T. 7 5 7.
feptimi Octobris: Tekupha [ATA. "]} HHH |; 4_.
In January Tevet feptimi: | p ^ ^ ^ o s τ • [7ΤΓΓ] [3T3TA.
Tekupha Nifanius Oeta A ;; 3. ; ; 3 {£ | 3.
Prila: TckuphaThamuzino [Siva. ATT5T] 6l] [I6I7T.
100 & Taua July, all in the letter G. [** ^ * 5 * • ° L 7li | * Li ||.
• • A B. 7 1 2 1 3 | 4.
In addition, we have added here later | ,,. ; Ttati ITTTT3.
culumcharaéterifmimenfium DEfETOTaj. ÉÉÉÉÉ¤.
Iudaicorumtam the annoc.
A Conticnirc was not able to, again for the sake of the burnings, quæagno affandocon.
strucbantur be demolished: and on account of other things, which in the prudent lifiquoiis, that those things.
from the Mofefilio Maimon, autexThalmud to ask for poffunt incapitéPefách.
Some Jews together cumiugoSeleucidarüm homer of the year and epochs.
they have not yet xai i * 4dseos as hagarena today, and that ipfimet.


Page 88


χafia fed xae * awöge so that you have above the Syromacedonum in the period.
ESTEN same period Syromacedonica, Chaldaiöa and Jewish as well as gods.
described before: there are Aeeia fiuipa to which are added thereto, so that it may be known interval of time, which it is.
ancomcniaTifii at twelve o, n £ planted // 6 / wit, Tekupham, namely to 7.
October is eratprincipium period of Seleucid, fiueSyroma.
more securely than embolimaeo. But the difference vtraquc year there are three.
Moreover, differentiae.Namannus, fiuecommunis takes place, fine embolimæus ,.
or the ordinary soldier is to be, or is being multiplied, or defeétiuus. Regular communication.
3 54 days of the end, embolimæus 384.Abundans & def & tiuusvocantur ,.
proutvnus dics acceffit, or deceffit. Seats are $ agiaao; He is radiation.
In Caflevv. Namco Caflevw full of ordinarily takes place, be chosen is made.
cauus and local ago and ircos, in Marchefvvan, which is arranged cauus ,.
500 out of order. The difference of these are the cha cha are born out of fuperstitione.
raéterifmorum tifrum & Nifanius. For charaéterifmus tifrum they never had.
it can effect either on the first or fourth or fexta. Charaéterifmus Ni.
Fan can never be effe day of the week and fruitful, and velocity; the fourth, nor fexta. Hence.
so much, indeed, that these charaéterifmos be entitled to neomcniae is gathered.
Tifie holidays, 2, 3, 5,7: Moons Nifanius, 1, 3,5,7. We gather here again.
When the charaeter tifrum on Thursday, in general ever year.
sffe dcscétiuum never Embolimæum normal. When is the series.
tcrtia1o 6 1 1 o s e p h e r i s c a 50 G 1.
the third the velocity; the common, neither Embolimæus A rare thing is negative, A.
nequecommunis never abundant. When the week is the prolific mm.
it is the common, or embolimæus than the ordinary, vtneque with the fair.
The feptimi. Otherwise Nifanincurreret inferior, 2, 4, 6. This pcriodus.
which propofuimus, when we spoke to Deanna Syromaccdonico, it is not.
Only profitable than years of Jewish observed, but also without her husband.
I can not detect them. In this the Jews vfque to the temporaCon.
see that the times of Constantine the Great, & vñ are below, with the soon the Moon for two days.
anteuertiffet old epoch. And this epochen call.
the era of yours or Ningyo Exp. Now is the time, as his faith PC.
riclitemur. The first of the tranflatione charaéterifmi tifrum that.
Rabbis say that some of the effects are projected to Thalmuldis publication B.
Some of our friends and meet persuaded, at vtrofque system runs.
In ancient times and under Seleucidis vfurpatum. In paffions at home.
sion of the Sabbath falls on the new moon of the Nifanius: with one of his disciples, are highly prized.
And three from today epilogifmo is 5. 19. 95 Wednesday fexta. But this demon.
strandum is of the faith of our periods of the Seleucids. The year was not true.
And your flue Alexandreus 344 Consequently, the quadragefimus annuspe.
Rio quinte.Tifri z 4 September on Wednesday, things have changed in the fifth.
I make for the common feptimum of a new moon in the year, the ordinary gives the Nifanius.
7 O neomeniaNifan was published again in Christ Κal. April, according to.
Iofephus. In fact, on the fourteenth Nifànconueniebat with the fourteenth to.
menfis Julian. He was the sixth year of the first period contraets, TifriC.
6 September. Wednesday, July 2 Sunday cycle 2. Therefore, the change in the fifth.
When charm & erifmo holidays Nifanius compofitain year Embolimæo occur.
& Tiuo give Nifanius the first day of the new moon Kai. In April cycles.
Sunday 2 3. In either example of political tranflatio holidays. Yes.
to find the new moons, and her, never results from today's epilogifmo poffis.
For example, suppose Jews of today, there was a new moon Nifanius charaéterifmus.
6. 9. 4o9, Saturday last March. Where epilogifmo if we had been VFI them.
before time was, on the new moon Nifanius, as you see, feptimum fuiffètin day of the week, it is not, v t.
Iofephus really writes the first day. However, this credit excellentiffi.
Book XI fortify our periods of several arguments. Iofephus writes before.
initiábelli language, that is, the year of Christ more than the usual 67 mi D.
mis many signs vifa, each of which tells an inspired some wonderful ;.
They are very scarred Although this method accidiffe, quotempore phase, that is ,.
quartadecimaNifan, April 8, when appropriate. This is not, could he, and.
ing, the cycle of the moon effect nificum 9, year 65, had been unfair.
ness of the Jewish War. The extraordinary intelligence Iofephus conference. Was year.
and against your 376 & confequenter 7 2 stages. Tifrum Kai. Seven.
October, on a Saturday, Sunday 17. Why the new moon cycle Nifanius em a year.
"Bolimgo.
(500 N 500 E em e r. T e p o 1000 1000 51 B 2 R v. 16;.
£.
Abolimæo, feriatertia, March XXVI. j & m AG) d% μα VIII Apri.
• litigation or fifteenth Julian, for example propofitum with Iofephus. This.
£.
epilogifmo agreed hodierno.Namchara and three native Nifanius 2 21.7 2; .
On Tuesday, as has already been said, in the vernacular of the Jewish 5. Video 382 ,.
, with what degree it becomes the faith of the method. However, no thanks, save further strengthened.
ongoing. Iofephus the same Marcus Tullius Cicero, C. Antonio c o s s.
• τῆ having captured by Pompey fuiffe & myelg, that is xvil Tha.
Muz. Dion explained to this day, it cafum said Saturday fuiffe.
It is a sabbath to the Jewish manner of the nations, it is customary, nor any even calls for :.
but adeoSabbatum fuiffe says, as here difputandi occafionem wheedle.
pct, the names of the days of an inward law, why a planctus fint. Iofephus the time.

Page 89

defignatur with the vicefimum feptimum year fuiffe the world.
VipfanijAgrippæ broad M. and L. Caninij of a rooster. This match itself.
Heaven is given in the ninth year Julian. There was, then, the cycle of the moon.
third. But it is false, interfuiffe six years after taking Hierosolym.
mis à by Pompey, and for the same purpose from the Sosius taken by assault. For the more than one year ,.
When vicefimum feptimum year for vigintifex years, said that with.
Gregory Turonenfis against radiation vicefimum the sixth year ,.
for the person who VICEF fept was. The year when Jerusalem.
Rum Pompey in the period from 46 51. Julian Rurfus year standing.
HierosolymorumaSofio4677. The difference, of the year xxvi of a solid, it is not.
Matt anyhow, so it decided Iofephus. There was a period of 1 year xx quarter.
AC contraets, the ordinary of the common. Tifrum XXVII September, weekday.
v cycloSolis 2. charaétereThamuz in connection with which, indeed, with the day of the week.
gives the condition will take up the fifth. Therefore, XVII it was the sabbath day, as I was willing to DioSed what to do.
period of our liking, more, than the example for the Iofephus illustres.
{ANE and the end of a crime can not be passed? It is of importance, therefore, that as the best instructor.
the mouse's Nicholas Damascene, CA, what happened to the Jews Sec.
their ethnarch Hyrcanus; initioimperij of Antiochus, crafty clerk Boethius, who aidje ,.
Diet is. Antiochus obfedit Hyrkanian the bottom of the first year.
His fàcerdotij. Then, after the league icitcum oklwomyiaw. Hyrcanus.
fecutus of King Antiochus in the campaign against the Parthians. Perhaps in.
The Jewish feast cut, the service is unmatched obicéta march.
ID: went to the king: I quit it contends, do not codie expcditiofuscipiatur, or he comes out.
crime: that the father's festoaliquid fibihominiIudaeonon be allowed to do this, either.
FUSCIPES way. Jews have iojä; aisxd NUI @ ις, ἀ ἀδοσύσις ἐina ;.
Obtaining a regent. Damascene: τεστω δ Siga, Ariiox® 'ix ?.
Aug. x 6% μά, δαίτας Id% w τὸ IIa33a, $ egmyòv, ajter IUA Iuie%.
J, \ w © mgnaJ§ £ 1% Iegaie, o * ness ioju »rat: Oy, and we Jedaiah%.
Gex, vópuuov i} 4% O /. We deem that a continuous, Behold, two, or at least two reasons.
I have held a day of our holiday, for the sake of which man is withheld from the work. Iofephus in.
tcrprctansIo8 1 o s e p h e r 1 1 1 s c a l.
/.
terpretans Damascene fubiicit: @@ μὰ & φάσέ) ^ £ yoy. S & M, E A.
J RWW »£ íoí g Caßßa% '%. The two then feast day, and Saturday.
Pentecost. The six Sivyan radiation Pentecost. But if Pentecost.
fecutus estSabbatum, that is, the fiquintaSivvanfuit It is a sabbath, therefore, neo.
meniaSivvan was feriatertia. Now track of time. Hyr.
canusannoprimo facerdotij obfeffus I was the king addressed immediately.
caedempatris Simon. The Simon interfeetor was menfe month or.
no contraets 177 AnnoSabbatico. 177 Antiochus the year.
nuserat Sabbatic 36 2 6. In today's Jewish year will be.
ing 178, Antiochus a pact with the solemn awlwo / m) {ας.Sc.
quentiaestate, as we have said, an end in the Sivvan to the Monday falls on the third letter.
Let us see whether nostrahocpromittat period. The year 178 BC contraets
to 6 stages tifrum, August 31, weekday or 3. Was embolimæus year.
dinars. The laterculocharacterifmi menfium to hit in the third.
neomeniaSivvan. It was propofitum. J / nq) o4oeia modern Jewish.
cahoc can no poffet years after Christ, for a period of one hip.
parchea a Seleucid epoch has passed, and the moon in the future.
Cnif terms with solid play one day. Why do I need this is to be the majority of pc.
Rio recommend? Le can now be safely and successfully or all of.
baeorum to be less epochas day, and the real question is, if carefully MCth.
While our hands, and the new moon tifrum for adjournment.
scruauerit.
500 E P E R N A L P 1 1 O O H 500 100 H I.
T e v e r O N A L O R lvnaris
1 P A R C HVS, which dδο &} α φλαλ% 9g Ptolemy and Pliny.
Consiliorum of nature, partaker of his call, do not solummulta be rectified with.
dauit the motions of heavenly intervention, but ctiamex Chaldaie.
obferuationem & Calippicis into account when true and mcdiisfyzygiis.
after the first of the Greeks discovered μίαίων running iiitra orbit.
four periodosCalippicas possible. The reason why they easily found it was, with him, do so.
menfes Calippici time to vfu effet. Obfèruauit and it often happens.
Moon two trientibus we tartar fue former Callippus neome D.
Penychen trained. But, he lived and flourished even after two hundred years.
Calippus. And so if the c years uilas iaoiae; two-third of it.
solct in a c c then we will become one shilling. The four period ca.
lippicae OOCI 1 1 years to develop. Why did fit within that period.
four pcriodorum j% ^% comes from, how it will be resolucndum.
titatcm time for many fyzygias how constant sixteen Cycle & ma \ Jasmi.
EXA, who constitute the four pcriodos Calippicas. Four stages.
• Calip from 500 N 500 E 1000 E 1000 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. 2. 129.
36. A Calippicæ whom the dics are the chronicles of his reign, one of the less, in the fidistribucris.
376o fyzygias forging a single fyzygia # .Quæfunt 29 days, præterdies.
29, 31. 51. scrupuladieiplufquam "42." 7 "that is, short 12. 44. 41.".
6. "The cycle will be Hipparchi days' 6939 ;;. Comparationc.
So cyclorum sixteen Melon, Callippus & Hipparchi fact, there MA.


Page 90

 So writes Hippar.
Ethiopia ἐν τὰ λὰ ἐνιανοίε ἐδιε. Hμάς όέ μίας ἀρ όλ & ς & E / zxou $ p, zìis.
zopδρις% &% 'irtov 30; xixéìo, (mean Metoncm & Calip.
Campus) τὸ σί 'άμωτότι ἐ ἐ τάςτημά.
gis a ^ αῖον ίτιλαμβαὐα μέλια μί3® Iiaia | $ I * Li.
~ • • / ". 2. "7 *. T%> v, 1 fiipparcnl. Alippi. Eton.
Child íuáey6. άς άν 7% area) \ € ίτάντα | pin | 5jjLE | j j.
E eg μάρ τὸν Márævæ fiuiey; RIS, $ j% | ** P '|, | * Put | al.
"Τὸν Kαλιττον ήμάegy μίω. I prefer to read [395Ii | 3} ETA5 [337E.
Re & 75 itaut, rather than the 7 & irat, [CCL, CCL | # 5.
Nor can we scripfit Hipparchus. But E755§TiEîTÉÉÉÉ.
In the μάσεως άγιωσίας He and [4923] 734398 IA5B3733.
I fi IP 1 4 1 6 3 8_2] 41 6 38 3 °] 4 1 64o.
tolcmaeus GC content equal to 100 years. [Teter ;; | ;; i ;.
This he can do by comparing the three ipfas MA # -13 # 3 # -aA.
   24 5 7_3] 61457 45] 62 46o.
gnarumperiodorumcolligere. Great [# t # £ $ £.
Hipparchi a period of days, 1, 1 Jn 35. [735§ 3T553jj # j Js.
Refpondet Metonis O4O to 3 days. [* 3 £ 3373;:;: ;;: • • O 2 ... 9 1 5 1 5 | Oh z O 2 1 9 4519: 1.
The difference V dies. The difference ÉÉÉHÉÉÉÉ again.
ι 1 1 1 100 O; 5 versatile and iIIo36 Calip [33355I5 | 3333T5 [Gates.
  . • 6.
pi day one. QUINCTIO pad Cen. _ ...... liiiii ° - clitis18.
Forino manuscriptus the year Mctonis Solaremfuiffè 365 days, and.
Also five days of vndeuicefimæ. Five days were made.
Oh 12 hours. 65. Due to the expiry of 19 hours, give the dice 365 hours.
6. $. In 3o4. You will have a day of his reign 4o. The period Hipparchea with it.
stands the four periods of Calippicis, is in one less in quantity; quemadmodum PC.
Rio Calippicaquatuor metonic; Also, one less than the pcriodo.
Calippica than forty-eight commune and 38 embolism.
these were all Syrians, are also, as I have said, of fifteen σύμ £ e9, that is, of which the oxjjo.
qyoe / * is the full or vterqucScirrhophorion is the full fi year.
 . 500 embolimaeus. The year of grade, fine 76, CST úzvagfius * ®. Therefore.
"When the period is composed of four Hipparchea pcriodis Calippicis, DC.
bet to have spent fifteen years ûzregnuêgê. However grade year ,.
This is the fourth trecentcfimus not be ùzrigfius30. Thus in the period.
Hipparchea years are <zregíu £ E9 vndcfexaginta. When it first.
Calippicæ to have started from an end of the period of June 29, the first hcomenia.
fifth stages will go up to 28 June in that year, a fourth grade PE.
Rio Calippicæ has not been άσιςήμ £ $ G9, vtinam the first three, but one day.
*. • • no, 1 r e p h o s s c a 1 1 50 G E R 1.
Rum least 354 starts a period of a year, this nobiliffimum
Nabonaffari6o6 is an Thoth, since the year 3619 tifrum effect 6. 18.
6oi. In the last Epagomenon, fequente moon Thoth, on fexta ,.
fequentefeptima, 28 September, and the components were then in Aequin 2 6.
September, from obferuationem to its versatile same year. It Is.
but the head of the period Hipparchcæ. where the new Pyanepfionis.
Calippici, or a day in one of the new agreement with neomc Hyperberetæi.
niaThoth Nabonaffari 36 annotertiæ period Calippicae, cuiusHeca.
tombaeon Kai. July, on the grain, which was charaeter Pyanepfionis.
Compofita Hyperberetæi gives the condition will feptimum of a new moon, or of Pya.
nepfionis inipfà moon Thoth, biduopost Aequin & iumautumna.
Ic. From the obferuationem Timocharidis, by which the conjunction of the moon with the Spi B.
caVirginis deprehenfa is to say, to the obferuationem of Hipparchus, which there was not fo.
Heaven Luna connection with pica, but also æquinoétium Au.
tumnal indagauit year, there are 152, which are the periods Calippicae completeness.
The two flows, with 3 to 6 year Timocharidis obferuatio first period ,.
Hipparchea at 36 fruitful incident. Hence it is easy to Obfer.
lieved μέldiiaoiy Pyanepfionis metonic, Calippici and true. & Dynamics.
Himself Hipparchus, with the Parapegmata this period, from the time that Pliny ,.
And Columbus ἐτισημασίας ά φαρομάω it rarely leads to it.
1) E P E R 1 Oh Oh PROTECTION B 5 500 1000 AR E G H A N ORVM.
V E 1000 A 500 500 1000 O Majesty ---.
Q; Olympia phase [from J and S) * »/ * SS prior Abi'hu.
`Pie omniumGrae | . Lsj ae) [Rabies later.
Sparta peoples of the period | t it5; •. . . . _ T • •. • i
fuiffe spread priorcli 3 J>) << "\"> [Giumdju precedence.
; we have seen, that is, from so close a | ; SJC 50 * 33 \ "> [Giumedju later |.
Oh hagarena omniumH F |.
Mixed people, or 6 Q </ [... Regebas.
ÉÉÉÉÉETTJE | salmu.
uiffu, iifdem arguments],.
can be proven that & | 2 g) as, 'Ramadhan.
If no buyer from the Greek word c?] vlsch! .
Twice difputata it. Latiffi | *!} • »| 3cpevvaiu.
For me it is clear Arab]; άδxiJJj8] Dulkaidathi.
an appeal, which is one [52 * H *.
nomcn, surnames au [Z-J} δ [Dulhagiathi.
Likewise endless. But the chief | i ^ = * • 2 / uharramu.
are hagarena and Sarah | - J »1T. h.
cessation hagarena also abl2 L * zepharu.
* • HcbrzisD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 51 B. 2. 11.
A Hebrew, called an n by the maid of Sarah, Abraham's wife, and range.
wer ipfis c $ j> & Jujs Erabclhagiari. Dicunturetiam c / 9; • and • JJ.
Elmagarin. & Fortaffe herein Greeks recentiores uayagi% y μα •.
ματίζω and μαγαθισμός for μοιομετισμός. However, should be included. For.
puczyde / o; Greece is today idiotifmo spot, Grandma ©. But there is another.


Page 91

 For this is the name of the Hungarians, all the county.
prchendunt. The quidemscriptores straight hagarena the bare fed in.
epte Muslims from Sara. Nequeenim etymon, neither history of the conference.
Because the truth of effet Saracenosabilla-called Christians, fiquidem Ipfa Saraca, it is not.
Sarah native diets. But neither of those trials and no history of sore throat. Why do.
The Saracens diéti fallen away from that, and the Arabs, who have never been commanded, he has had.
3I bare? Therefore, even today, are called Muslims from neighboring cjjJ].
Effarak, this is the Amygxoi ένομαλκοί, that they really are. At 37 Genefeos in.
Targum of Jerusalem '8EYE the Arabs. Hagarena the ciuilior.
the situation for the rest of it was: you are the focal point munitiffima pctrus: omnefque of them.
princes flue φυλαρχοι Aretæ gods and TI, for example in Egypt things. VFI.
are annoSeleucidarum, as it seems to me that, accuratiffimo, with the neomc.
tual menfium the ratios of the moon congrucrcnt. Menfium principles.
Prince, the end of a doubt, was the first rabies, so the Syrian Tifriprior. But the Coalition.
Rum initiumab æquinoctioautumni, these spring, quodnon several seconds.
Simple. Unto them that sold the policies of an intercalary they did not have. fed in.
primaintercalatione menfis fecunduscrat first menfis in fertile soil.
cintercalatione menfis itidcm terms with the first third of the year, but t.
defultoria intercalatio back into the world after three periods Calippicas ,.
that they are absolved of the year 2 28, Mctonici twelve cycle. Exam.
plum: The year starts from Ramadhan. Next intercalation of Rama.
Dhanis, the year he led for years and twelfth grade. e.
veroannus fequenti menfe begin following the example aScevval. This & c.
vval crit tantifper the head of the year, the third, until a second intercalation takes place.
was the tenth of the year, fequcnti menfi, altogether to Dulkaidathi to the transcript.
duccndi role fue year. Thus, all those mcnfes as it were a torch all.
decurfu meet tradc until after 84 embolifmos, Ramadham returns.
In the year, and in the same epoch in the solar system. For Ramadhan.
The head of the year, he returneth to his 500, indeed the others, but not in the same epoch in, fine.
In the same cycle of the moon, except 2 after 28 years in the solar system. To collapse.
So the board periodiHagarenae mouse that effect cxemplumreliquarum.
Arabicarum periods, as the Olympic terms with Canon RC.
Liquor Greece. .
K. TABvLAii 2> 1 o s e • These Sc A 50 1 C E R 1.
A P E R T A B V 50 1 1 500 1000 A G O N AE.
O R R E N T A H A 5 M.
i.li. § 3 PE 500 V R I S through the iopvs's 505 1o.
[E | §§ first. sccunda. _ | _! £ * !! *.
; 4 1 1 1 TFTHF MaTtij Sephar Giumadi second Scewal.
1 [I5 | 5 | E 13MaFj Sephar. Giumadi later SceWaTT__j and i.
§μ £ x. | 3 | 16 3 500 C9 Martj Sephar Giumadi PosteriorjScewal___.
4 | 17] * 50 B Es Martj [Rob prices ruled Dulkaidathi.
 5 | 18 | 6 || A || March 7 | Rabie prior Rege5 Dulkaidathi.
ίμ% λ.] 6 19 | 3TIGTÌ6 Martj | __ Rabie`prior ruled DulkaidatfiiT B.
7 [1] TIFTEBA Martj [Rabie jofieriorT | SahabenT_ | Dulchagiathi.
íu £ »] 8 [2 1T8TID IBIMartj | Rabie back] Sahaben_ [Dulchagathi.
9 | 3 ISTCTITÄpril. | GiümaáiprioT [Ramadhan_ | Muharam __ \ & ##.
yo | 4 | 3TTBTEIMartij Giumadi p Ioff RamadhanT | Mühaiam].
άμ £! " i 1 || 5 | 7TATGFSMartij | GümadiTptioETI Ramadhan Muharam.
12 [6] T3TFTE9Martij | Giumadi posterior] Sceval Scphar.
1 3 [7] TETH8 March | Giumadi posterior] Sceval TjSGPhaEL_j.
£ v £ »] 14 [8] TTDT8IMartj | Giumadi later | Sceval TSephar.
15 | 9 | # TCTE56Mai £ j [Regebas _ [DulkaidathiTjRabie first.
£, .c.1, 6 [i5] ATTAIj 5 Martj | $ G $ B _ [1 Dulkaidathi [Rabie prior.
1, 3 | 3TTGT5 April. Sahaben Dulchagiaihi Rabie pofíerio T.
2 l8. 7TTFTE March 3 [Sahaben DulchsgiathiT Rabie back & #.
J * A £.] 19 | 13 AND 5T) 12 March Sahaben __ Dulchagiathi Rabie pofíerioT.
Zo | I 414to TCT, March 1 | Ramadhan Muhafàmi Giumadi priori.
2 1 I5] Π B 25Martij Ramadhan | | Müharìmi GiumadiPrior IP £ »| 22 || 16] 5 TATI9 March Ramadhan Muharam prior Giumadi C.
23 || 17] 4 G Fi * March 7] Scewal Sephar | | Giumadi second [and ##.
 24 | I8]. TETH7Martij | Scewal Sephar Giumadi back.
A άμ £ | 25 | 19 | 6 || DI6 March | Scewal Sephar Giumadi Fosterior.
6] 1 || TCT 5]: 5 Martj] Dulkaidathi Rabie priori £ RcgebT.
IP <> | 7 | i | x | BTA March 15 Dulkaidathi Rabie prior Regebam.
28 | 3 | I IGTITApril.] Dulchagathi Rabie poReriorTjSihaBenT.
29 [ai5] femiie | DulchagaiBITRABiE postcrioT] $ íEERII3i.
μα, | ., ETBTEITMIfj | PulchagathiI | Rabie back] $ thab CCL L.
3 1 6 || 2 [DTO | March 29 Muharam Giumadi prior Ramadhan.
3z || 7 T6T | TBTESTMartij Muharam Giumadi prior RamadhanTT.
άμ £ »] 33 | 8 | 3 | From [7 March [Muharam GiumadTprior Ramadhan.
34 | 9 | 3 | G | * March 7], Sephar Giumadi posterior [Scewal and i.
A £ v £.] 35 | 1 O | 7 | F | I5 March, Sephar Giumadi second Scewal Jo.
36 | 1 1 | 6 [500 |. April, [Rabie prior Reg.BT Dulkaidathi.
37 | 12 | 3 100 43 March Rabie prior Reg.BT DEkaidaifiiT.
£ a £ a.] 8 | 1; 1 7 | B | i 2 March Rabie prior RegeET Dulkaidathi.
RESID E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 1000 V Li p. II..
2 3.
A.
from £ IP.
i & A.
H A c a r e n o r v M.
50 A. Haase residence DVVM T AR 1000 A G N O P ER 1 500 I.
AJ.
J.

1 8.

2.
i3.
1.
4.
_.
1.
5.

1 6.
1 C.
£;.
1.
3.
ialim periods V s pe riod vs.] PE vs. R1od
5a [53 primary. fertile soil.

Page 92


From March 3 O 6 G | Virulence of the latter [Sahaben Dulchagiathi and ##.
4 DF [SMartj | RABE back | SahabenTTIDIEREgiaiHTT.
IDET9 Martj [Rabie back | SahabenT | DulchägiathiT.
7 | 500 18 March Giumadi prior Ramadhan | Muhafain.
4 ICTB 16 Martj Giimadi PrioFI Ramadhan MuharaTi & # §.
2 | [6 March | Giumadi prior RamadhanT MtiharamTTTI.
ΤΓό 25 martj Giumadi posterior Scewal Scphar.
I5TFT] AMärtjlGium gods Fofierior] ScevalT] Saphed.
[4 ETIAPIII [Rege5I | Dulkaidathi, [RabiePfiOEII.
March 1 TITCTAT ruled Dulkaidathi Rabie first.
5. E 1O March | Regebas T | DulkaidathiTT Rabie prioFT.
4 | ATE9MäTj] Sahaberi PUERgniíIĘ POETIGET ....
G F March 18 Sahaben Dulchagiathi Rabie PosterioFT.
6 || E [7 March | Sahaben Dulchagathi Rabie back.
TFTDTHô] March | Ramadhan Muharam TlGiumadi first.
ΤΓό 5 martj RamadhaTTT Muharam Giumadi prior_.
1 [BA | * April. [Sccwal __ [Sephar | ___ | 9iumadi Polterior '®..
6 || G | * 3 MMártij Scewal Sephar Giumadi later.
3 FT] i. March Scewal Sephar Giumadi posterioF.
TET | March 31 [Dulkaidathi Rabie prior Regebas "__.
TATIDTCÌ5] martj Dulkaidathi Rabie ruled Prior__ --I.
ΤΓΕΒMAj | DulkaidaifiT] RabiejriGfT [RegeETII]. "
TETITATE8TMártij DulcHägiatRi Rabie second Sahaben_.
TITCTf7Mártij [DulcHagiatHi Rabie posterioFT [Sahaben_.
TFTE5TMärtj | DulchagathiT | Rabie back [Suhabem,.
TD ΣAMästij Muharam Giumadi prior Ramadhan V & #.
TITCTIA March MubaramT Giümadi prior Ramadhan.
; B ΣTApriI. Sepham; . Giumadi second Sceval.
IÆTATGETM Ti] SepharTGiumadi triceps | Sceval__.
And again I Giumadi Sephar in March last Scewal_.
7ΤΕΤΕΜΕj | rabies priori [Kings 5 ​​1 | PulsaiTiiTae ,.
I5TITDTI8 March [Rabie Fiore] Regebas | Pulkaidathi_,.
2 CTB | 7TMartij Rabie prior Regebas - Dulkaidaihi.
WHETHER Σ6TMártij Rabie of the Posterior Analytics; Sahaben Dulchagathi.
Tàtig I5 March rabic pofiéfiorT SahabenT DulchagiathiT.
ΈTÉTÄÈÉI | GîaâipiiST [RamadhafiT] MuharamT.
TETDEM EjGiumaJi duty | RamadhaTT | MiharamT.
ΈΤΟΤΜΠ'GuTaJipiiOTJRamadhanT] MuharanTT] &. .
Vtilitates hagarena grown into this great period of intervention.
Hegirae cleared. However, one of the many propositions. I want to know ,.
menfi menfis hegira with Julian, propofitus and the quotient will be entitled to it or making.
tra.AnnoChristiDionyfiano currentiaddc scmper 3ii. Abicctisomni.
JK.
Bus114 3 1 1 O S P H E S C A G E R i i 50
bus 18 remaining periods of the year, which, if it exceed 76 belong to A.
5 qualiumtres constitute the whole second period Calippicam be.
Rio hagarena: 1 ficxccdant 52, reliquipertinent the third CA.
lippicam a period of, in other places, too, will be shown. Be propofitus year.
Christ 1597, the curve I want to know who menfiIuliano congruatMuharram.
Hegira. Adicétis; 2, as commanded, and abieétis eight Periodismo.
īgnis abandoned 84 years, that is, the eighth year pcriodifecund & Co.
Iippicæ. Subtitled fruitful period, and laterally in oótauo, occurred.
menfis spring hagarena Sahaben XIII of March. Muharram estfextus.
by Sahaben. Ergofextus menfisIulianusa in March, that is, Augustus, Vin.
Menfo say Muharrapm. Accordingly, in the of Muharram of the year of Christ 1597.
engulf menfe AugustoIuliano, suitable in Elul Jewish. B.
500 E P E A S O 1 O 500 A A A 1 1000 TA
N A 5 M.
1 500 O E R V s, which previously gave an example can be withdrawn from.
In the first Seleucids, namely the spring fequente, though.
* Ncomeniæ anticiparint a day. But the trouble to be.
who uttered them, as is fit and proper for the reason of the nations with the rest of the years. Pri.
Ma, as I think, is fallen into the beginning of a change, or the most famous of Herod.
The Great, and of man is again the Edomites had, by the Romans, who, when the kingdom of accepiffet, co.
also, the year of the embrace of the Jews, eDiets been made public, C. 58 years,
the epoch of the common cycle of the moon first, Julia year.
no feptimo, periods hagarena quadragefimam fifth. Out of the district.
Do not end in the second Giumadi fell 2 to 5 March, where Aequin.
And the components of the planned Cæfar. At the same time, however, there is no room to doubt, to many people.
the nations among vfu a period of hagarena fuiffe: tamenduae in comparison with their villages:.
there are strict whose rationobis having Samaritan and Hindi. That.
So they made hagarena phase VFI desirable to believe that appcllatio.
Arabic menfium Lunar, it is manifest Vcteris of the year hagarena ar.
gumentum, and beyond that period 2IO old Arabian that.
use. Double what year it is, Digest of Civil Solaris 29 Au.
incipicns intense that the head of Egypt anmi: Also Ecclefiastica D.
Conditions of the moon from the fyzygia vcrna, unto them that sold prorfus to the number of the chronicles of the Julia.
to bear the forms described, cumappellationc veterummenfium Jewish :.
of which the first of the month Elul, from the 29 of August, that I said, and thirty days for you to Sep.
Our tcmbcr. tifrum a fruitful one and thirty on September 28.
Rum, for example Digest, October, and so on. Menfis first civil.
Crocus month of February 26, the lunar radiation menfis said.
DulchaD E 1000 N 500 E A T O P O R V 1000 1000 51 B. 2. 115.
A second Dulchagiathivt of Muharram incidensinmensem Easter.
Subiccimus, therefore, give you an example of the year, the Samaritans, who are unanimous.
In 1584 proclaim Christ as my Aegyptiensibus the Samaritans.
Was that Gaul would be crossed.


Page 93


5 C O N T E N E N N N N A 1 s 1 1 5 1000 ch r s t i
cIo. Yo. 84, WHO e rat sextvm CV RRE Ns.
Weeks Samaritan.
1000 t o P 100 5 5 3 1 an N TmnN.
NH.
 .

Nouilunia E 50 ha gia T H 1 Suprax. Hor., and half 8 regions.
cimam part, from day 1 1, 111 to V1. A 500 from R. V. 20 10 1 ,.
Nouilunia 1000 V H A R RA 1000 over 1 2 hour. & Half, S & out.
cimam the night from 1 to 3 p e s a c h 11 11 1. nis an XXX.
PH A R E nouilunia the above force Tz hor. third and tenth.
part of the night in 1 1 1 1 1 1 A A.
 v. xx X1.
Nouilunia RA B above E x 1 hour. And the thirtieth day of the caterpillars.
Mae, the night 1 v 1, 1, 1 1 1 5 i s e B IN 10 x 10
Nouilunia RA B 1 10 E over 1 hour. And thirtieth of that.
stance, from midnight to 2 T H 2 A 1000 anywhere. I i 10 10 10
Nouilunia G V 1 100 500 1000 From above 1 x 1 hour and a half and tricesi.
The fifth from the main 2 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i B. 30 1;.
  .
E N T E P AE s n e o 1000 1001 (year) 1000 1 1 N S E TA rºpn.
A 500 V C1 nouilunia 1000 1x over 1 hour. And the thirtieth day ,.
V from the night of the thirty xx x B 1 1 1 1 1.
Nouilunia r e e v B over 3 hour. And the third and tricesi.
main part of the fifth day of the sixth, seventh, in the public (oluomyias) XXIX.
1 50 5 5 2 L. 10 20. 1 "nºto.
Nouilunia * A A A B E N V hour and thirty beyond that.
500, presently a night on Matt 1 1 1 1 2 A TI s. 10 10 10 i
A five hour above 500 H v N nouilunia RA 1000. & Tricesi.
decimac tax, from 11 to 10 xv 1 1000 A A A B SC H N. v. 30.
Val above nouilunia SC E v hour and thirty of the tenth.
by night 1 1 1 1 x 10 V 1 100 50 1 1000 11. The A's xx x 1.
Nouilunia E 50 K A D A T H1 over a 111 hour and thirty.
part of a night V x 10 1 1 2 1 C t e i T H 1 1 10 10 11.
4. 1 L K V L.II "P H 1 1 o s e s c a c e r i i 1.
1. 1: 1 v L. I. A 1000 A r c h e s c h B A N.
A S T E M B 1 100 50 1 100 T H E B A S T
A 500 R N A N = A 1 A 1 1 R.
S E N T H A B 1 1000 5 L. B.
A 500 A A P O R T H 1 s o R.
Itavertimus of the Samaritans, to schedio. It should be verohuncan.
Surely, at 1 584 quiincidebat Christ notariabillis 2 O periodihebdo.
madic the moon, of hagarena, are thought to those who, from the year: Llinares I did eat.
tion of the year Julian. However much we do not know, and unless equal to Samari.
tani they have taught to, his constant ignorabimus. First we do not know this.
calculation, or Lunar. Then we do not trust the fate faithfully.
wherein J / n <£ o4oe / zw expreffiffe. That could have been made available. Out.
peétamus, or the ability of a better, whoever disregards this, to us the word is translated, either.
better fate, that can have more of Samaria. Why in.
O & the eighth day mense, &, in the section with the fertile on putting r \ p I know, as I said the other ,.
according to ignariffimis. For ri2p of all, that is, the awlwoTyiw, cffet.
I know. But why in the title? For as to Succoth, and to dispose it in a fruitful love.
menfe, causes an instant because videlicct oxlwoTr} {α now on Ilul ,.
now tifrum fell into that in 1584, the year of Christ awlwoy) {give be.
more dear, season, rather than the Jews, one of the mense, of lees of the old cycle.
Christians. For an menfis tents is tifrum ;.
Therefore, a good Samaritan menfis called for, that is, solcnnc oxlwoTm.
2 {ας as Nifanius said that the NEP was menfis instead.
so solemne a feast of Easter is to be the first, but not to the month Adar, although of the.
ipfum of Adar on the Passover, at any time fall into the same. In this diagram, too.
You have a number of days vniuscuiufque menfis Julian. vt spring.
hi example, in the month appofiti equal to the number 1. XXXI. Because month.
The work days, the Martins. but united, which præccdit, they are.
concurrent, fine regular menfium as well. So in other cases.
Table subject to the new Moon, for example, in one confpeétu.
all things you have, with the precise moment of the gift. O'clock we moments.
18oo or 3 Oo, because the Jewish holiday seasons Io8o not admit am.
diuifioncs fines. Itaquc in the first nouilunio with diagrams.
fuperiore marked effect becomes a half hour, and a tenth of.
18o.
supra hours x hours, this is expressed through £ Plane, and so in other cases.
Tabel.
B.
400 E 1000 N 500 E e r. E P O R T 1000 1000 50 1 B. v 2. 11 ;.
N A T Bel 50 5 1 1 LVN ORV 1000 Samaritan.

A.
N o r vM 1 N A N O 100 H R 1 s t 1.
__.
cIo. Yo. Lxxxiiii. 3.
Seru Menfo Samarit. Menfes Julian] on the moon | Monday.
Menfes shaped. Monday. [Hours. CCL; Julian. Samarit. mentibus Jul. © ;.
DJTchagia 2. 3 EI83 p AJRTZj month of March -; FCB. - ;.
MuHaraiTTAT | ;. I83] A Pefah Nifanius 3 1 April. Nifanius 29 Matt1j I.
Sephar to 6 || 6. 13] n | bar Tji May 4 Ijar 18 April. 3.
Rabies tune; 7.Ti | 1 a. "1 | 500 3 Sivan. 3 Sivan May 1 | 1 • 9th May 6.
 Virulence back | T2T 1 .- N | z 2 Powered Powered 9 June 28 June I.
3. B. Giümcdi prioFT 4 | II. 15 * 500 [From 1 [From 28 July 29 July 4.
GiUmeii PÖTtEFGF] 5 TI9Tio] N [from 17 Aug 33 [29 Aug. Ilul 1 7.
RegeBTTT | 6.7 [8. 152] 500 | hag Ilul_29_ |. Sept. 6 ._ [tifrum 18 Sept.] 1.
SahabenT 1 || 5 2 1 2 8 2 N go on 5 October. [Marchefban 29'O & obr.] 5.
[RamadhanTTTZT [5. 1] 500 | Marchefban 28 23 Nouemb. Caflus __]: 8 Noo. 7.
Schevval 4 || 5. 1 l N | Caflus 2 6 Σ3TDcccm.] T € 5itfiTTi, 5TDECéTEIl:.
Duikaida. T5T [3.TISTI 500 JTGiBERTATI3TTIanuarijSc € 5at Jan 29. 6.
The first column have menfes Lunar Samaritarum in fecun.


Page 94

 Where it is Du.
plex serious signisicat transserri from the former to the latter, such as the neo.
 walls, a serious transsertur a second to the third day of the civil instance.
l is most of the night. Why whereas coal reached 18 hours, then.
c gone by midday, and in the following transsertur ncomeniæ. So.
"I had hours a month for the first hour and no tie siunt z 2 hours. Why is serious.
a second for the third transsertur. Have in common with the Jews.
We will expound this, however, J / W4o4ogia of the Moon, which I know not, when he by all means necessary.
Astronomical distress. Scquuntur letter D. N: The first signisicat.
JDiem, and no other loser. Therefore, the first series of the second new moon of the suit, sé.
XIV ing with the third, the hours of the day, Jn, and at the 18o.secunda neomcniasuit serious.
fourth, the third hour of the night, 18o minutes, and so on others. Following.
EPOCH moons in the solar months Samaritan, and lu.
Lian. In the sixth month, the Sun the place indicated by the new moon: and the Samaritans did not of whom.
Julian match of the day p. In the last column of the series, which.
* Noted the new moon of the Samaritan. For example, the new moon.
Solaris 2 6 starts Samaritan month of February, a serious and fifth in the text.
A version for the DominicalisRomana 500, cyclo Sunday z 5.
IHic manisesta observe Easter is always the balcony month See.
nopcgian inSolariTisricelebrari. For that reason in the whole cycle and we turn from a Iu.
the Jews of the custom of the at least seven times. Prgterea it should be noted, that they did not take care of.
translationesIudaicas. In fact, in the day when Christ will always incur the Muhai.
• •. Ram Lu * 1I8 1 o s e p h s c a 1 1 50 1 G E R.

Ram Moon, this annoneomenia starts ASCR quarter of Muharram, which in
However, in the Easter reiicula in a Jewish holiday. Again, confident.
And the cavity to the other months. For Muharram & Scphar full hump.
The cauus rabic that will continue as they are, and they both Giumcdi.
plcni continuously, and Sahaben Regcb the cavity. This rcliqua DC.
in said elsewhere.
A A A 1 100 500 E ANN Oh Oh Oh S 50 5 m.
E P O F AR 100 50 5 1 1 A n ae.
viNTvs CURTIUS of Indians speaking viii writes: MEN.
sesinquinosdenos registered days. Anniplcna spatiaseruan p.
appropriately. The course of the seasons, of the moon, it is not, as most of it, with the world at peace.
star consequences, but when it curuarecæpit the horns, and therefore breuior.
the thing have the months, the duration of the motion of the moon shall be turned unto Him, for their horrid.
gether. This clothing. Of course, it is true breuiorcs months, than anything else.
Rum with quinisdenis only diebusconstent. But as the moon.
corniculata, alternately from the full moon, too, if he does not? And if the full moon ,.
how constantca, the things that he says, do not go at the time to be thought that at Cumae.
orbemsidus fulfill? what else can I est5quam from the full moon? Again ,.
quinidcni dics ye mete, if they are assigned to, how can constantly be observed.
that number is used as the tandcmrationes of the moon, not falling off, since the Lu.
naresmenscs dialog and hollow inside? The hisrebusitatemere also do c.
Pronunciarc and most of the old one. If you always alighted from the moon.
obtusiflord, for five months he did not, therefore, nowadays, as perperamscribit auétoralio.
sacundissimus that, but for three hundred and vndetricenis in turn consists.
vetoes. Etsàne μοιχλgín 6); Patriarch Ignatius of Antioch, a surgery.
intervention and honesty, writing olimmihi India and China every year.
describe phases, corumque moons bleached Gy * * 992y.
} Jyg] ", that is, Xai 4dws264 * </ phpBB. Augustinian monk, quipri.
European sure all my years of higher realm of China.
gained, they write to China (as they are ineptissimc all the Spanish Chinas.
call) aboard the moon sestiuas be furnished with television host.
By counted and inspected by the beginning of the year to the end in March; D.
Also this year, the Chinese have sucrunt rcgno who thought of.
Christ 1 57 5 moons, Switzerland on September 3. Dcnique full.
moonless their sacred demand in the entertainment eisquc public celcbrari. Therefore.
in the same year 1575, xx Augustus had an excellent meal acceptable ,.
quodcadiessàcratacssetplenilunio. Atnonium only for China, but they and others.
all, both the Indians, to which we have stated to India, MCAS Lunaribus their own.
Porase dcscribunt as Iaponcnscs, DC where Louis Frok Icsuita.
2I1I1OD from E 1000 N 500 E A T P O R T £ 1000 v 1000 51 B. Is. 119.
A year 1 565 inquadam letter from the island Iapan writes: tumbled.
depart the arrival of the beginning of the year, in the very thing I know: that when this is in the winter, Iaponij.
A Kal. Fcbruarii began the year. For these various district.
hands of revolutions of the year: on a very different, than that of the ratio of the time with us, and.
description. Vctus is the will of the nation, as annoineunte and withdrawing nine.
Moon, adusquc years of age, and immolated the leading nobles of the kingdom.
his foot will fall to pay their respects to the king, not without the gifts of each one of the faithful.
Between them, the Augustinians and the words, is the socerebellar Oricnta = ,.
les lunar year of use, but is vague and Iaponcnsiumannum be vtaris.
Word Besides the full vbiquc ensured and the time for active agent.
A harvest moon starting from the ninth to the third quarter. Of course.
B is the new moon of August, it was agreed with the new moon: and Giumedi of the previous year.
The Arabic language 98;, earnest, seventh day of the Augusti by force. For this reason xx Augusti suit.


Page 95

 Where it is Du.
Ash simple means to be transferred from the first to the second, as the first neo.
 walls, Ash is removed from the second to the third day of the civil instance.
l is most of the night. Why whereas coal reached 18 hours, then.
c gone by midday on weekdays and translated ncomeniæ fequentes. So.
In the first hour I menfe hours with no tie and made z 2 hours. Why weekday.
translated from the second to the third. Have in common with the Jews.
We will expound this, however, J / W4o4ogia of the Moon, which I know not, when he by all means necessary.
Astronomical distress. Scquuntur letter D. N: The first sign of it.
JDiem, and no other loser. Therefore, the first new moon, on the day of the week and fruitful, and fč.
XIV ing with the third, the hours of the day, Jn, and at the 18o.fecunda neomcniafuit day of the week.
fourth, the third hour of the night, 18o minutes, and so on others. Following.
EPOCH moons in the solar menfibus Samaritan, and lu.
Lian. In the sixth place indicated by the new moon of the solar menfis the Samaritans did not of whom.
p Julian Day menfis links. In the last column there are holidays which.
* Notatæ moons are menfis Samaritan. For example, the new moon.
Solaris 2 starts Samaritan month of February 6, wrote Thursday in a letter.
A version for the DominicalisRomana 500, cyclo Sunday z 5.
IHic obviously observe the phase of radiation in the solar Nifanius, SCE.
nopcgian inSolariTifricelebrari. For that reason in the whole cycle and we turn from a Iu.
ting confuetudine Faltia seven times. Prgterea it should be noted, that they did not take care of.
tranflationesIudaicas. In fact, in the day when Christ shall incur the Muhai of radiation.
• •. Ram Lu * 1I8 1 o s e p h s c a 1 1 50 1 G E R.

Ram Moon, this annoneomenia starts ASCR quarter of Muharram, which in
in the notion of state of Jewish Paschal reiicula is, however, in the mense. Again full.
& Menfes cavity to the other. For Muharram & Scphar full hump.
Now that rabic cauus is a continuum, and that both Giumcdi are equal.
plcni continuously, and Sahaben Regcb the cavity. This rcliqua DC.
in said elsewhere.
A A A 1 100 500 E ANN Oh Oh Oh S 50 5 m.
E P O F AR 100 50 5 1 1 A n ae.
viNTvs CURTIUS of Indians speaking viii writes: MEN.
fesinquinosdenos descripferunt days. Anniplcna fpatiaferuan p.
appropriately. Curfu mark off the seasons, of the moon, it is not, as most of it, with the world at peace.
loyal to his full height, but with FE curuarecæpit the horns, and therefore breuior.
the thing have the menfes, the motion of the moon, who also set a fearful fpatium them at this.
gether. This clothing. Of course, the truth of it is breuiorcs menfes effects than in the other.
Rum with quinisdenis only diebusconstent. But as the moon.
corniculata, if not in, too, from the full moon alternately? And if the full moon ,.
how constantca, the things that he says, do not go at the time to be thought that at Cumae.
orbemfidus fulfill? what else can I est5quam from the full moon? Again ,.
If quinidcni dies menfi applied as consistently feruabitur.
that number is used as the tandcmrationes of the moon, not falling off, fiquidem Lu.
naresmenscs dialog and hollow inside? The hisrebusitatemere also do c.
Tiffimo pronunciarc and old people. If the radiation from the moon horns.
obtusiflord, does not, therefore, menfes for five days, so that perperamscribit auétoralio.
Nay, facundiffimus, but for three hundred & vndetricenis alternately it consists.
vetoes. Etfàne μοιχλgín 6); Patriarch Ignatius of Antioch, a surgery.
intervention and honesty, writing olimmihi India and China every year.
In running describe the moon, corumque moons bleached Gy * * 992y.
} Jyg] ", that is, Xai 4dws264 * </ phpBB. Augustinian monk, quipri.
European fupcrioribus sure all my years of unadopted.
gained, they write to China (all of whom ineptiffimc Hifpani Chinas.
they are called) are all new moons, wore their effects, in the eifque the army of masc.
By recenferi and inspected by the beginning of March in the year effects from the new moon; D.
Also this year, equal to the time they rcgno of China, who thought of.
Christ 1 57 5 moons fuiffe on 3 September. Dcnique full.
moonless those things facra cffet in eifquc celcbrari public entertainment. Therefore.
in the same year 1575, xx Augustus fplendidiffimo be acceptable meal ,.
quodcadiesfàcratacffetplenilunio. Atnonium alone China, but also by others.
all, both the Indians, to which the beak above to India, MCAF Lunaribus their own.
Porafua dcscribunt as Iaponcnscs, DC where Aloifius Frok Icfuita.
2I1I1OD from E 1000 N 500 E A T P O R T £ 1000 v 1000 51 B. II. 119.
A year 1 565 inquadam sua letter from the fillet Iapan writes: tumbled.
the beginning of the year, the arrival of the new in the ipfum depart: that when this is in the winter, Iaponij.
A Kal. Fcbruarii are aufpicati year. For these various district.
in mind the years of curfus: on a very different, than that of the ratio of the time with us, and.
description. Vctus is the will of the nation, as annoineunte and withdrawing nine.
Moon, adufquc vicefimum Kingdom nobles and immolated headquarters.
the end of the gifts of the foot will fall to the king of quifque fuum falutandum does not accept the invitation.
Between them, the Augustinians and the words, is the socerebellar Oricnta = ,.
les lunar year of use, but also pick Iaponcnfiumannum effect, you will use.
Word Besides the full vbiquc ensured and the time for active agent.
A harvest moon starting o'clock effect from the third quarter. Of course.
B is the new moon of August, it was agreed with the new moon: and Giumedi of the previous year.
The Arabic language 98;, day of the week feptimum the title of Augustus by force. For this reason xx Augusti was.


Page 96


Moons fequentes fuiffe September 3, when the Rev. Augustus.
this day angles 14 days. However, the new civil Giumedi later.
the Septcmbris V, on fertile soil. Not only that are now used.
described before, the Indians, the year of approve of effects Of the Moon, but also pole Vc.
he left that, too, has been proved to the fear, of the province of Tangut, in the following words :.
The whole of the year was expired by the new moone, they count nor to let others have not.
menfes, or a few weeks, rather than Lunarca. But fineomeniæ China.
that the Arabs have it chimes in with, however, do not seem to Iaponenfiumcum to them.
cpar do. In fact, at the new moon Fcbruarij of the year 1565, which made it.
First, Thursday, praeceffit I was guiding the Arabic language on one day in the year.
Hegirae 97 2.Nicolaus Contius Vcneto in the Itinerary fuoscribit age thereof ,.
Indians from Oétauio Caefare forward, and this year she wrote that.
Christ was 14oo, it fuiffe the prolific Indian 149o. Of course, the year ,.
Oh cæpitannus 8o3 14 Hegira, Augustixxii, writing first. The difference.
the Hegira, and annorumIndicorum, 687: one year fimplices moon.
that when O & tofyzygiis the past year by the end of December to August.
And as soon menfemfluxerunt compound of years of absolute Julian 666.An.
less hegirae is the first running Christi.Auferannos 62 2 621 prgteritos.
From ääni 666. Remanentanni 45, which is the difference primiIanuarij.
500 Julian, and January in the year of Christ. Therefore, the Indians, not from Oétauio.
 Caefare fed by Julius Caefare years care of themselves. The year confusion.
Julian the period fell in the year 4668, the cycle of O 2 Sunday, Monday 13.
Was the Seleucids, 68, from September, and hence the 38 stages.
fruitful great hagarena (which consists of three periods Calip.
and that a record of the pitch :) place in March. Rabic prior 12 March, Thursday. Mu.
Harris, vndecimus madness earlier, the VI Kal. The first of January ,.
Sunday cycle 2i, the prior version of the Sunday Hagarcni C. merits;.
çriant3 2 O 1 O 1 s c a s e p h i G E R 50 1
.
I have a sixth facras through Vcncrcm than Impenfis A.
the next, oh CH, B ar calling. Then orfi funtannum fuum, who.
facras day, and the head of July Caefaris incidcrit years. And all these things.
is, at the end of hagarena doubt epochc Indians received or might appear.
whether he be loosed the Arabian; it is an older effect, which they shall receive Hcgira. For.
as well as the first non-life had passed decemnouennalibus, but of the years fimplicibus.
Cæptumesttempora describe the moon. There are corumannorum.
and thirty-pcriodusiusta, with respect to the reasonings of the moon: as much as ruled over.
carages globe seven times thirty years so that all magnapcrioduscon.
Allow 2 years yo Arabic. Then a week reditin orbem. & Neomc.
niaMuharram 211 begins to Abead day of the week of the year, the water, on the new moon of the first.
21 taken, the year of years. What if from the moon, which is a fair B.
fextus, released today, Indianna care of people think multumim spring reasonings.
through the intervention of the motion of the moon, of them to forsake their neceffe is to say, for the sake of cauff it is not.
just a few, but for the sake of two of the chief. Prioress, quodnouilunium Mu.
Harrer was a productive day Caesarian Jews 7. 1. 94o.
Schebat for the year 3716. So it was Thursday, 1, 1 v 1. The fed.
So one day, the middle connection anteuertunt. Cauff other.
is that after 21 years of 2 Arabic nouilunia anticipabunt one.
Day That leaves a year tricefimus points 36o, which for years.
O 2 confurguntin 21 hours? 4. Itaq; hodicillacpocha overthrown the news.
Junia wed a couple of days. For now treated annusIndorum 169o, quiaufert day.
scream: fiquidem after the age of 12 made up for the whole day. Therefore C.
magnaperiodusIndorum begin Friday, as also Muhamc period.
Danes, eademfunt vtriufq, and the third to give ratiociniainferiarum. Expcrs.
So emotions. The first year of the Hegira, as we have, cst688 the Indians: a.
proindeest 58 of the great periods of, of which it is to be charaeter 3.At the middle of the day of the week.
nouilunia AbIudaici of the year was 4. 7 438z, 112, Iulij14.cum, however.
by virtue of the first day of the week comes to an end in the hegira. Christ is again in the year 1594 ,.
I wrote this, cæpitannus hegirae 1 oo3, September 6, Monday.
fexta.TifiiIudaicus 5 3 55 years is 5, 3, 9o4. He was annusIndicus 1699 ,.
& Proptercaio periods, weekday 3. Ergobiduum anticipauit for.
ptcr reliably that year tricefimo neglect. But, of these things, alibipleni.
Muhamedico us a year. Now quomodoannisIulianisdatis Arabic D.
Let there be, and vice versa, as given in the Arabic Julian convert the APC.
riam.Suntoanni giving Julian 666, a first Iulianisprimis. Volocos.
rcdigcrc in Arabic. Inlinea cyclorum Iulian præcifenoninuc.
Nio. Neighbors accept a smaller number 456. quodc 666 dcdu.
And to remain with a 2 °. Ao9 derive the next shorter stays year.
English. Thus, there are three of the number, which is given to fummam a distance of 456 ,.
2 O9 i. refpondet 47 years of Arabic O, 2 1 5 with menfibus.
 Four de em N 500 E A T O P O R V 1000 1000 50,. II. 21.
\.
A four and one year fimplex. Total anathema. [JTITRE.
686 if the Arabic language, and menfes 5 to lapfu of an [i, accent :.
no 687 had begun. Conuerfis give doctrine vten. - ;; | # - * | IIe.
while if a given year in the Arabic Julian conversion | £ A.
plotting angles. The year was again let the Indians 32 | :; ; ; 4.


Page 97

 .].
fibus Star. Arabic 169o years are the years | :;?] !; £ £ || :.
Julian menfibus 9, 1639, with Arab, needed; £ | 3%; :.
considered to be the first day of the first Star. The board be; j; 33: ie | § 9.
Rio Hagarcnorum starts from epochaSclcdci. J; : £ £ || ;;.
A harvest. The interval from that epoch for the first 33- 3; ; j ?.
Β first Julian year 265, while four fe? J? £. * | 48.
Re menfibus. Ncglcétis menfibus; two loops? j} 73. 3 ;.
265 of the year 1639. They are produced with the omnesanni I9o4. 3: 733: | ;:.
by Scleucidarum cpocha, if the DC quarters | § £ $ | $ ;.
RIS 1824, and altogether a great year to pcriodos [:: J3 £ 3. E ;.
Rum z 28, rcmancbunt 8 anniperiodinonæ ;.
; that is, the year of the fourth Pcriodi the second, of which the new moon: and men (. Ma.
You ruled on the action. A Regebas of Muharram is menfis Sept. So, Mu.
HARRIS year propofiti 169o fall in men (EM feptimum from March ,.
it is in fact Scptcmbrcm. But DC is more fully a year Muham.
a doctor and a ComputoSamaritano. • '.
ON A N No 4 500 ÆoRv Nov 1000 r yo.
* Oiuiiaoi ;, now showing only two terms with the Pcriodo Scleucidarum lu.
idaica with impcrium After Constantine Cæsar the RomaniïiïÈ.
And the adjustment of Constantine, idquc from September 24, temporafuapu.
instituiffent ranking. Then there were two plufquam Pcriodi Hipparchcæ ASC.
lcucidarum initially flow, and therefore the two days lufit antcucrterat.
pristinamfedem.Anno cnimChristi 344 quieratSclcucidarum and 56 ,.
So was after two periods and quadragefimus O & Hipparcheas, TifiiIu.
The first day Alexandrcus Cratin 26 Septembris, feria3; cumtamene ....
) 500 pilogifmo highly prized by today's new moon er 2, 4, 2o4 decision in the head.
mcnfisin 2 4Scptcmbris. Enlabcs bidui.Nondum from the reason, Ca.
lippicam dcscdcsolicitauerantIudaei; fedcamadhucincolumem on this occasion.
uerant.Serotandem him, having understood the error of the reasonings of the periods of the Calippicæ and renouncing his.
• safely and with greater security than the governor of protected employment assistance.
astronomy, Ravenna examination reasons mcnfium cxigcntcs detected.
they Labeo, which is of the cyclorum cnneadccaetericorum fucceffion takes place.
For the mcnfis dicbus orbit consists of 29 hours and 1 ,, minutes.
  I 793 ,.

. i. 2 2 1 1 e p h o s s c a 50 1 Ε R Ι.
'^ ,.
793, as was the whole time is to o8o 1, 2 cycle is composed of 35 A.
fyzygiis, it is clear that the entire cycle of 6939 days, hor. 16 ,.
Scrape. 595 effects. Enncadecaeteris the Julian days in 6939 ,.
18 hours later, Oh. of which derive Moon Enneadecaeteride, remain.
net (xrse9χά Solaris above the lunar days, 1, 485 fexdccim merits.
<Argggxa are the days Oh, 2, 3, 2oo. This is the dicivnius, 88 minutes.
less. After the 16 cycles, Julian Luna fict τςοίμίίωσις a year ,.
This is the seventh of October "where the xà 7: μζτ and the OV / Wow. Why did.
When the 48 year period from the new moon Calippicae HyperbcretaeiSclcu.
the turban, and to the tifier, eleven days aeëvflaj, however poor, to the twelve.
a $, are made by a copyist, and after the second cycle fexdecim trcdccim.
zûflaj. And so on in all of the first menfibus the entire period. B.
1) Olender of the principles not only that there are fewer days than necessary.
was Hyperberetæi from the new moon to new moon tifrum supposed fed.
Even as other Tekuphas Alexander, the other Caefare were :.
And with four Tekuphis year unfolded, eight count.
Eiufmodi correction may be used. Tekupha tifrum Julian xx 1 11r.
Sept Blow Hyperberetaei ​​whether for xáq; ov μέτωgwów ,.
vu Oétobris.Interuallum 13 days. They are delivering so many days of the year.
System, for example refpondcat æquinoótio Iuliano. We have already said exceffus.
enneadecaeteridis Julian was above the Lunar effect hour. 1, 485 ergodes.
centarum fexdecim exccffus will be 13 hour days. I. Those who are of the year.
41o4, the distance from the original Lunaanteuertit Scleucidarum CPO C.
Can feptimi O & T. 3. In order for the same thing, then, the cycle of the moon in the cycle of the moon.
Sunday will return to work for a period of 53 years 2, duets viz.
19. However, the 28 year cycle cyclumannorum ncomcnia holidays.
But, in the world, come back, which we will not succeed in doing, except, after the 13 cycles.
1) 532 years to the bone, at 13, will become the great period of the year 6916.
Since then diuifis 41o4 for 19 years, there remains no through 28, remain.
6, with a 47, quifuit cycle 13, remanent148 through 7, fupcrfunt 2 ms.
manifest 4to 5 year birthday will be the first cycle of the moon, 17 So.
Us, 149 terdenariae period, third sabbatical. This vniuerfam together.
are incompatible with that plan, except in the year of Christ 344. And so, when, and the year of Christ.
4I O 344 is the maximum period of 5 years tifrum at the beginning of 6916, therefore D.
The year of Christ's birthday, so people think, oh, 376 ciufdem to be.
Rio and 3 year Seleucidarum 45o. Now, having beheld have confidence, tcnc.
mouse, abieétis 13 dicbus Agosuîâaao; about 37, which kalendas. shape.
equal. Z 4 continues to be the first of which was fedes æquinoétijau.
tumnal Caefàriani. The cycle of the moon, as we was 3: 1. Was Sunday.
the second week. Nouilunia a mcridie 2 3 hours and 1 O, 2 O4 ,.
Jerusalem, although the ex cpilogifmis Prutenicis has been a me.
  DIA noD E 1000 N 500 E r. You P O R V 1000 1000 51 B. 2. 12 3.
g.
A DIA night, say a demand z 2 hours and 2 2. 2. ' 39. "This is the afternoon.
Day 2 3.

Page 98

;;;. The major Jewish scrupularius the coal.
JPrutenico 1 minute 57. But the Jews that year the Moon also use it.
The beginning of the beginning of the night, from things at once. combustion; nouiluniumfuit hour.
4,2 O4, from the beginning noétis.Porro cyclorum 216, in which the moon is 1.
anticipauit, charaeter above 6, 2 3so.hoc the 6th at 2 3. reliably feu.
The moments of zero. However nouilunia fell on the 2, 3, 4 fequente z Wednesday.
Z 4 hours, scruples. 2 o4.Ergo to charaétcrcm, 6,23 Oh, by adding cha.
flows between epochs 2, 5, 2o4. Then it will become charaeter 2, 4, 2 O4. nouilunij.
Tifrum in annoChristi 345 ineunte.Igitur 2, 5, 2 O4 is always cha.
flows between the Jewish epoch, so that restitution 41 o4annos nouilunia contigc.
IB is fit is seven Octobris; κόττον μέστωόν Seleucidarum that is, almost 2 ,.
cycloSolis first, third Monday, 953. However, in periods of Julian.
the year of Christ 344, however, has fallen into the historical epoch of this nouiComputi, tamer.
fieripötest, vtaliquotannis posteriusinstitutus takes place. ncq; more ncceffe ,.
may have started from the year 344, which 4Io4 years before, when the year.
Julian was 95 periods; the start of the transfer. The Jews call this account.
<Jisv, that is, άμθολισμόν. Master Mofes son MAIMON the præclarofuo.
A work 1 500, the head of the menfefànótificando in the pagna = WSY fiayn.
JV Spyne Calculator that they now calculate is, whom E 1000 B o.
1000 vM dispute call. Nor is it only on the man was a Rabbi, but also all of you.
forward a hope, was instituted after the cditionem the Talmud. But Iudaeiiam.
100 of those times, and fortaffe restitution before Christ, they thought, they believe it.
today, a day of October VII O & fuiffe first world created by this no.
Calculate mine is called pi iyn nsTap iiayn: compute a con.
ing world. Inquo are ridiculous, since this is my old epilogifmus.
nor is made a little lower than two hundred years, iuft. Further as possible.
effect from the first day of creation, when the first of about Friday? At HU.
Compare the right of the first day of the week sccunda. Do you see a clear direction.
gnantiam: But many day Rufus destroy each other, as soon as the menfem early in.
, decide that the fourth to the same yii Octobris, fècundumautem in the force of the age of nine.
Bus and into xvil menfis, which fell in twenty of December, they want.
that the flood of cæpifle, as it is had Gcncscos 7, 11. and for this reason you taught me.
τ) had both R jsyn Replace ignorationc see how things work.
Then they had to, because Greece and Gentile as to call the term.
or rub it, they despised the: which he fi legiffent, they would never neomcniam Hv.
perberetaei ​​Syromacedonumdicm world's first effects existimaffent ,.
Oum the Jews feptimi æquinoótiali the noon hour a day account.
disciples, íeceffe for the remaining hours menfibus effects inæqualcs and mini.
in the Tcbeth the male orientation of the whole of the year, the Powered by longiffimis. Con.
AAT is calculated by astronomic However, if the Jewish cpilogifmo six hours.
50 z. Addan 24 * 1 o s e p h i s e A G E R i i 50
Indeed. For then shall the hours in the year, equal to the whole of an argument.
from the south, which is an epoch & »Aiiaxixoi; Jn4a grams -3 old star.
nomorum vfitatiffima and the tutiffima. The cycle of the truth of them.
in line from ancient Alexandreo it makes no difference, except the head, or at the beginning of, in so far as cy.
clus Alexandreus starts from the thirteenth, today the third.
The embolifmis are assembled in such a way that it comes in the cycle citimus tifrum 19, and.
the sooner the next oétauo. So in these phase anteueniebat Epo.
Can this spring under Seleucid, so long as they are VFI phase Calip.
pi Alexandria, and in fact the account. For this reason, it went with them, in the.
cycles eighteenth and nineteenth phase twice in the same year agreements.
That which is in contact with the Eufebius by the emperor Constantine in a kind of.
Bishops at the letter, and repeated in the old Canonibus.é tie agoo.
£ Rieger, those haxo and rlu) g} {δω? IIOO fiuäegy ago íègij e, g iomuegia3 ;.
£ Jada, ailaxáré £, ¥ afagei & A. It was not femperfiebat fed twice in an.
`End of XIX and viii.imo and the eight cycle times of doubt, can Ni.
cessation concilij, cumæquino and components were set up in XXI Martij.Tuncenim.
was able to cut the pasch, upon the ipfam xxi. We've known that hours of work.
τολτικός be unequal in the audit, cumtamen diegopuκάς.
angles of the equinox is also extended to ipfas Tekuphas the.
For example, twelve hours, from the beginning, and no tie, either, even though.
ipfarum arguments equal levels for hours. And how.
the reasonings of the new moons, begin from the tifrum, so, too, the reasonings of the Teku.
Perez Nifanius where bifextum 2, between 5 and 6 Sep.
tiV. For the beginning of the year Julian ipfis solar radiation from 2 to 6 March.
In the letter A, in today's computing. INTERCALARY are in a whole year.
After bifextum us. In the year of 1592, which was the Jew county.
53 52 foul, began the year it is in Julian. The year was a bi.
fextilis. In fequcnti Jewish 53 and 53, began on each.
2 5 and z 6 March. Itaq5 four years, the Jewish diuifis, fivnitasremá.
strikes, be sure to eoannointercalatum effects. The faneca primushu year.
account the right of the first solar cycle 93 5 year period Julian to be.
year period, the return of Julian, namely 954, began to realize effect.
The exact aego & ^ / ^ ayants 26 March.

Page 99


He is the head of anniSolaris, Tekupha begin principionoétis, fequentian.
made a mcdia night, aSoleoricnte third, fourth from the south, fifth, Lyman.
no bifextili Jewish people again from the beginning and no tie. But Tekupha tifrum.
9 hours advances through radiation or radiation Itaque 3. Before bifextum.
A Jewish Tekupha tifrum is nine hours and no urnae examples.
He was 41 years of correction o 5. anticipation of the day as gods.
described before, were welded 13, when the moment is, who were a demendi Ka.
Tekupham Hypcrbcretæi the abolition of September, that is, from the IVth.
• to the Tekupham Hyperbcrctai the gods Scptcmbris, won over by the dies 37, with the.
A.
B.
C.
D1.
500 E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 50 1 B. M. 2. 1 2 5.
From the hour, day 36 or 5 to 2 hours. Now, to find out for nine hours.
Tekuphæ Constantine, September 4 z is a must.
neccffario that beside the September 24, leave at 4 ,.
876, that the epoch of the new moon of the year 41o 5 hours, 4, 2 o4faciat.
9 hours Tekuphae. Therefore, so that the poffit be about 36 days, 2 hours 5.
demendi be 1 day 2 hours 2o, 2 O4 moments that are left out.
dicbus of September, dies 24, at 4, at the moment she was 876.
4to 5 hours and minutes of the new moon of the year when they were 4, 2o4 com.
9 hours put Tekuphae tifrum nocturnes. Thus we see why the county.
I think reiicicndi angles days 1, 2, O 2, 2 O4, whenever inuestiganda is You.
lcupha. However, because the Jews are not so many other things are.
E, was present at them, rather, to know, than we do. And it is Jacob bring.
In a large book, which he entitled way of life on the 4. 28, scriberg to.
investigating the issue with Tekuphae tifrum, and conduct them out of his life had passed Tekupharum.
Day Hey, 2 hours, 1, 2 momcnta O4. Day 1 and 2, but not in Ho hours.
Item 2 O, it is not desirable to bring it to 21. But the Ho hours of the 21, scrum.
Pula 2 O4 above exceffusSolis above the lunar year. Quodfidics her 1 2 ,.
so that, when 2o, 2 o4 not have been partakers implement, no other way to investigating the issue.
Tekupharum confronting effet.Nam 3 hours, the moments 876 tanri.
to be added at all to the nouilunia, I do not, however, the days are defaming Him. First.
nouilunia account for 2, 5, 2 O4. Adding 3,876 hours, fiunthoræ 9.
Tekuphæ first tifrum. According nouilunia happened 14 hours Oh.
100 which you will add exceffus of one of the year. Regardless of Day 2, 2, 2 O4. Finally.
alertness 3,876 hours. They are produced 15. That is, at the third hour of the day, of an hour, Tekupha.
tifrum is productive. Now the method of the matter. Syzygy.
The moon is 29 days, 12 hours later, the importance of which about 793.
29 days, all derive feptenariis remains a dear one and three.
menfis 1, 12, 793, which is the first day, 1 hour, 2 minutes ἐ. Why u.
hæccomponasita radiation that from momentishoras manner, when a larger margin.
u Io8o, exhorisdies with excefferint 24, from the days of radiation.
discard feptenariosomnes, inueniesannicommunischaraéterem 4.8.
6. Why charaeter 87 embolimgi to 5,21,589 in one cycle, then z.
16, 595, 12 are connected together with common years and seventeen em.
ID bolimgis. When this has been propagated to infinity, if you want to know nouilunia tifrum ,.
Cycle & quotannīs must see how the remainder of the current cycle preteric.
surprised. After all aggerendus charaeter the first tifrum, 2, 5, ao4.
He produced an end tifrum. That more ease affequare, the two Ta.
stories to collapse. In the previous year contained 114 expanfi that.
are the scum of the cycle, beginning with the first nouilunio tifrum. Or Secundus.
compofito from the grind of one of the ordinary year, therefore, are highly prized & nus, &, are highly prized.
<Grind first, that is, from 2, 5, 2 O4, and 4,8,8z6, give charactcrcm1 `• 1 2 6 1 e p h o s s c a 50 1 G E R L
6. 14. Oh. to whom the fi again to add not, are highly prized & speaks thus of the ordinary year, com A.
Ponce dear Besides tifrum third, 3, 2, 2, 876. With this, if you add 5, 21 ,.
389. charaéteremanniembolimæi, poured charm & amid tifrum guar.
Ti 2, O 2, 385. The procudenda continually propagated all Tabu.
la expanfa years. At the next table contain colle year.
& Ti by the end of the loan cycle charaâere, it appears this is the end of nouilu.
mo first tifrum. Therefore you want to know the moon tifrum Propof.
TI, if the number of years older than 2 4, take approximately.
Table younger years gathered together and charactcrem him.
refpondentem Compound charaeter answering the remaining years.
Who is on the Board expanfa years. Example: In the Year.
Daicus 53 55 starts this Scptembri Iuliano. I want to know charaétc B.
the moon, during tifrum. Or take the next smallest board.
Romans gathered together, surely 5 to 244. The charaétcr 7, 8, 6o.
JReliquos 111 years expanfa ask the Board. Among such references.
Region Chart er 4, 19, 844 and 7, 8, 6o compofito give cha.
Besides Tifrianni 5 m; 55 at the start, 5, 3, 9o4, that is not fair.
and, 3 hours, 9o4, postSolem occafum. However, if they are 18 hours, either.
further, then translated weekday. for example if they are 7, 18, 3 O4, then profep.
on the seventh day of the week, take the first one. When the Jews from the account no.
And tie, climbed o'clock arrive from the south. In this way, the days as that one did.
Already cenfeatur tranfiffe. V 1 hour, leading to a single fuperfunt.
loving and no tie. But it is not fated to acquire prized Besides tifrum, except Epo C.

Page 100

In mcnfe to its Cha Julian is detected. For this purpose a epactas.
expanfa everyone in conformity appofuimus as their office.
with Julian, in the mense of a new moon tifrum the place without any trouble.
poffis found. Epaétas 52 44 unite the old and 3, together, ie.
He is 15, 2 2 9 2 5 and 16. 15, O 1: 1. Composed days 32 hours 14 ,.
865. The number is important because it exceeds the syzygy complete ,.
namely the 29, 12, 79 ;, derive them rcmancbunt epaétæ TIFF.
year despite the 3, 2, 72, the panel Epaétarum tifrum find EPA.
3 twice as much, namely the country Oh quarter and October, and out of that region.
September flows. But today nobody tifrum starts from O & tobri. Therefore.
it will be in September. But since epaétæ one day sooner or on the new D.
send Junius and to report to faepiùs wont to do, see, and which is effected day of the week tifrum. Moreover,.
propofiti the year, the fifth day of a new moon day of the week. Divide the Jewish year.
28. It remains to cycle through Sunday Digest. And so, of the year 53 55.
Sunday is the seventh cycle. for this reason, the Sunday F. Therefore tifrum in.
cut into letters c. from the region of epaétæ when it comes to the things, which are in keeping with the an.
no propofitus, at the end of the year 1 594 tifrum doubt that the Jew was 5355 ,.
He began on the fifth Scptembris. This method is the clcgantiffima things.
  nunquamDe EM 5 N r x r. MB O R T £ V Liu. 2. F2; * ,.
A A B A N 5 50 5 1 1 50 5 N 1 O R T S V 1000 R I.
A 1 N N N N N A S 1 S 1 S E 10 100 50 Y c G.
A.
A 1000 5 5 1 ,.
.
Nouilunia nouilunia. .
Tisti épacte risr £ tifrum épacte TIsfit.
= J | 3 and [., Scrum 1,. Scrum. = 9 & Scgu £ l £ | _. scrulo :.
The transaction; Hours are Monday Pula [Pula hour, 5 g. "G.5 Hours are Monday Pula [hour, Pula..
<Δ || 6'j io8o. _ * • 3 8 15i --- it 1o8o.
1 | 3 [a. 5. _ 2o4jo. Oh. O 3 7 5 14 29 1 [I4. 2. 99.
4 | 4 | 6. 14. O [: 1. 2 1 2 O4 Emb.] 44] S [1.T75.T37T | 75.To. II 7. |. .
emb | 3 | ; BTAT375 [JLTETAS; 45 || 9 ITEC.T373 6.T3T3ES :.
 4 || 6 [a. 2 a. 3 85 [3. 2. 89 9 Emb [46] 1 O | 6. 5. 472.j17. 5. 3T5.
IB 5 | 7 H.T5TTÍ3E] ia. ° - 47 ** | ,, | 5.TT.TTS3Ejz8.TATT3T3].
Ref.] 6 | A.T5TTS g; 5: 34. 2 L 217 48 | 1, [i.Ti I.T357 [9.T ​​II.to ;.
3.TTET 7 9 53 1 6. 5. 7 Emb. 49 | 13 6. 2o. 65 3 | 3o • 8. 63 1.
Ref.] 8 | yo o £ 362 [17. 2. 92 5o | 145.TFET3E] I.TEETAT.
9 | ■ I [6.TT7. 9 5 1 [28. Oh. 46 5 1 | 1 5 3 Item 11. To34j 14.TEA 3.
* N | 12 [4. 2. T 747 [9. 8. 537 Emb.] 5 2 | 1 6 | 7. 1 1. 834 [23. 2. 45 a.
Ref.] 1 1 I3 [i 1. 543 1 | 2 a. 5. .741 53 | 17 6T5ITA; 4.TETGAE.
 * 1] 14 17.. 9. 52. [1. 1 17- 52], | 54 | S 5.TTS.T 5 | 5.T7T6T5T.
'3] 15. 14. 17. 928] 12. 1 1. 356 Emb.] 55 19 [1. 2. O 1 1 1 4 2 69 5126.
Ref] 4 | 16 ETI7AETEI563 56] 1 H.TET; EAETATE3S * A.
"L'l |: £ - # 3 £ - £% Emb.] 57 || , | 4T5TT3T3 | T8T5T53A.
16 | 18 | 5. 9. 19 | 1 5. 14. 175 58 | 3 5, 6, 9 O9 | o. 4. 3 75.
Ref.] 17 | 19 [1. 9a 1 7 5 | 2 6. 11. 379 59 17. 15. 7; 4 o5i III._ i 579.
18 | 1 H.T5T4IAE.T 1 9. 87 O Embl 6o 5- [5. Oh. 5o 11 22. 783.
· Emb.] 19 | a || 6.ToITERSIFg. I6.io74 6 1 | 6 ";;;:; • • i9 4 3 _7.
2o] 3 [4. 21 7 99 | O. I. 485] 62 | , | I.T3T333 | 1 4. TATE3.
100 **] 4 [a. _6._ 59 5 |: 1. 689f £ 22 mb.] 63 | 3 ETT} T3EE5TT3E.
'' Emb.l, 5 [6. 19. ΕΤΕ 1 89 3 64 | 9 | 5 | 4TTy.Ti 3.ΤΕΤΤ.
_980 3. 4. 5. 12. 23 1 6 3 4 Emb.] 65 | Oh 1 | 2 1 7 i.TAI.T367 site.
24 | 7 [2, 1 t 776 | 4. $ 1. 5o8 66] r 1 | 7. 19, 573] ¥ 8. 4, 42 1.
Emb. 25] 8 [7. 6. 57? | 1 4 1 1 7 12. `67 | 12 J5 AIT375 | 5.T L2. # !.
 . 1 6. || 9 [6.T4T8T | 6. 7. 1 23]. Ref.] 68 | 13 [1.T5T3§ | 3o.To. 33.
Emb. 4. 2. 9 1 1 1 27 O 57 [17. 4. 327 69 14 6 7 57 1 i] t i i. 5 27.
from 8 | 1 T 5.TC.TA 63 | 28. 5 7 3 i i s | 15 [5IET555EI5T735.
2 9 | 12 | 6. 19. 26 [9 • 9. Io22 Emblem 7 1] 1 6 | ;. TAT 349] 23. 12. 535 \.
Emb.] 3o | 4 58 13 14. [3 Oh. 7. I46 72 | 17 [1. I. 93 814 21 346.
 3 1 | 1 43. i. 647] * I * 637 7; | 18 [6.TETÉ¤ÉETST553.
32 | 1 5 7 10 443 t in. 841 * Emb.] 74 | 19 3. 19. 53 d] 46. 15. 754.
Ref.] 33 || 16 14: 19. 139 [23. 9. 1 O45 75 | i | 2. 17. 39 [8. Oh. I65].
34 | 5. 16. 82814. '§ 17. 456 Emb.] 76] [2 7TTT3T5 | T8TE.T3 39.
11) 35 || 18 i. I 614 [35. '5. %; 77 | 3 © ÉTAGITARAIETET83.
Emb. | 36 [19 5. yo. 4 o 16. 13. 864] 78 1 4 BITETASETETE O64.
 37 | i | 4. 7. I999 [7 • * * * 75 EMB.] 79 | 5 | 7. I7. I7T | 22. Oh. 1 8.
Ref.] 38] from [i. r 6. 8o5 [ '* 8 * 472] 6 [6. 14.T235 |; .T§. 679.
39 | 3 7. 14. 3i4 | °. * 27 ° 8 1 | 7 BITETASiTAT £ T8I8.
4ol 4 14. 33. 99 |! "° 24 Emb.] 8] 8 [Tit $ I55 [35. 3.T.
Ref.] 41 L 5 p. 7. 98 £ | s i. * !. 32 8 3 | 9 AND thezs [3TTITAE8.
] 41 l 6 '1 •. 5. _49513. 5: 78; Rab] $. § 914. 14. 532'17. 8. 7o.
50 4. Re.
S o s e p h I.118 1 1 1 50 S C A G E R 1.
].
A Esius 500 W. 1000 PTA B n o v £ V 50 1 1 50 v N O V A * 1000.
1 1 1 N T E R N A N A N S P E x 1 s 1 s P E R.
S o s e n c y c o s 50.
Nouilunia Mouilunium.
C Tifie the EPA's lingering T 1 R 1 tisti épacte TI3RI.
§§ ¢ exhaustion NOI horaeorum Years Day | ä; On Ho II twice, hōraeus.
<3] 35 Io8o io8o. expad. | O5 io8o. ioso.
85 | 1 13. 1. 1 1 9 1 | 28. 9. I5S6 ITETGF] 6. 5. 99 1 6] 14. 7. 288.
8 6 1. | 7TE3T937 | 9IA. 1 7 Emb. | O 1 8 14. 2. 792 [25 _ 49 * 4.
Ref.] 87 13 [5.TE 765 | o, o • 1 TET5E, »1. arts. 4o [6. ** 983.


Page 101

 | 3 1 O O 17. 7. _9_3_ | 17. 19. io7.
89 |,; | ITET6 8T | IET7T36 from 1 to 4 5._ 4. 386] A8. 7 -e] B.
Ref.] 9 o l 3 [5.TE3T5A4 | 3} O highlighted 1 5 1 1 13. 13. 482 [9. * 5. _8c from.
9 1 1 1 7 A.TT8T45; A.TEETIT; Emb. 1 O 6] 1 3 17 21 378] 3o. 12. ioo6.
92 | ATjIT 1 8 49 1 5. 19. io35 1 O 7 || 14 16 19. 867 4._S._4 7.
Ref.] 93 || 19 3.TTATA; t [¥ 6.TF.T; 5 1 O 8, 14. 4. 1 5 6 63] 12. 8. 61 1 1.
, | 9 4], [5T5T6 4 | 8.T.T65o Emb.] O 9 16 EIB.IÆ59 | 3I5T3E3.
Emb. | 9 5 | 2 Halle. 43 I8ITA. 854 1 1 O) 7 17. 1: 1. IO48] 5. a. 23 6.
| 9 6 | ; I.TT5T5T5 3.Te 6; 1 1 1 | 18 | 844} 1 4. 19 5. AI. 44o.
97 4 6. o. 8 1 5 II. _4._469 Emb. 1 1 » '19 [x. 4. 644 | 1 6. 18. 644.
Σmb. [98] 5 [3I9T6TI [AI.T673 1 1 3] 1 [1. 1. 1 49 | 8. 3. 5 5.
99] 6] 2. 7. 1 2 1 13. Oh oh. 84 Emb. 1 1 4 15. To. O2 1 5 | 19. Oh. 259.
I never thereon, duly manner and in a prescribed order do this. But.
the other is to be made not worse, than the proofs of this. EPA & tas, which you have brought together, C.
Remove from days 36, 23, 1o8o. Rcliqua eager on the first day itself.
ptembris. Therefore epaétas, which gleaned truly 3 2 1 3 38o, remove from.
36, 2, 3, 1o8o. There remains dies 4, Ho 7oo. And so, nouilunia Tif.
n addition to the year 5 355 4 diem Kal. September, and since that day.
Fifth, it will then inv. September. This method is, in my opinion me.
the other is more robust because cxpcditior. And a third to give Tekupharum left ,.
which prompt us to know that Julian is Argumētes form lately.
tifrum confidence in the new moon menfe Julian to make do. Always.
For Tekupha tifrum z 4 September. But, not to what the doctrine of Com.
puti, the Jewish people without the means, that are suitable to us treated as. That will be easier.
Thus these two Tables, and also from other the account of the Jewish. In D.
Rum 2 54 5 and 3. epaétæ their sakes which compofito, as we have already seen, it is melted.
day; 1, 57, 38o. femperabiice of those days 1, 2, O 2, 2 O4. fuperiùs.
to order 19, 17 hours, 17 hours and one minute nouilunij tifrum 6. When alertness.
Confiunt 19 days, 2 1. Then Tekupha tifrum 5 years; 55 fell to day.
Zo, z is 1 hour from the beginning of the night, that is, time of 9 diei.Nunc tranflatione.
fairs in the new tifrum it. Tranflatio kinds of holidays ,.
or the Conditions of the moon, or political, or lilies. Moon, when epilogifmus.
reached.
CO.
v.
500 out of 500 E 1000 N A T E R V O YOU MP 1000 Li b. 2, 1,9, TABVLA ANNORV Collectorvm v.

 ...).
P E A L N E S S N 100 50 100 O St.
!.
CH A A A A A A ct er Ch 100 T E R
Tisra years old épacte high ground. Epacta. Tisra l. * ;.
And bedding. And bedding. .
Year., Scrum scrum [years | Scrum scrum.
On the hill, t £ {Hour Pula Pula Kolle & i.'Feria hour, hour after hour, {Pula Pula..
--- * io8o. | io8o. io8o. .
* 3 * 4 * • _3._3 co. 8. 7 5 3 43._ O3 5%. 5 'ejii. 5. 57 el f>.
z 2 8 4. _6._66o | o. 17. TAAG3 6 485.T9.T8 AGIII.TATEATE.
* 13._9._ 34 9 9 o] i 2. 9 37 637 I5T9ST | II. 22, 99 O J.
45 6 [1. TBITRASIi IGIT8AE; 87 6ETT6TAEoli 5.TET663 r.
1 6 5 7 57 o B o | f o3 9. 5 1 99 O | 4 19. 7 5 o | 1 ». 1 6 3 3 o.
5. I5T5ECETATI 684 834 1 O4 | 6.TAETSTHETETS.
7 8 9 [7. 23. 5o T |; 13. 93 * O4 i8g._ 2. 3 3 o | i .TT9.T753.
Β 9 1 2 5 3._48 op. 6 oh oh i 2 | 433 214. 5. 6 6 o | i3. 8. 4 1 2 o.
1 O 2. 615. 5. 8 1 o5i. 6 2 O 7 | 444 616 8 9 9 o | iA.TT3.TT5T6.
1 1 4 O | 7. 9. B. 6o. . 1 4. 19 yo 456} o | ._ 12. 2 O 4 | IA.TTIT8AC · · · ·.
`| '543. _ 1 *. 3 O 9 | j._23. 69 C] 467 45. 15. 57. 14. 2 o. Table 5 1 {Q LA EPACTARVM ;.
1 3 6 84. 15. 7 c | 4. 8. 36o] 47885. 18. 9 o c | 1 5. 5. " 1 86 R 1 R s i
1 482,6. _ 1 8 1 o5o | 4. 17. 3o '| O 217 49 22 5 1 1 3 O {5.T • 53 6. .
1596 xx. C 3 | 5 i .__ .__ 78 | 5 ° 1 6}. . i._48 c] i5.TEXT6S3 § li. | E |. La e.
17 yo | 4. i. 63 C | 5._ 1 c. 45o5 o6._4_8 1 1 3 O | i6.T7.T.76 ÉÉ § j. E i. 3.
146. 4. 6 18 9 c | 5. 19. - 1. 1, 447. 8. 6 o o | 1 6TTI5TIÖÄö e eee £ 3 $ 3.
8._ 381 1 9 2 1 | 6._3. C53 582 87 9 I i._3 eject 7. o. 69 g e e §. § I? §.
2 O 523 .__ ii._5_49 | 6. i3. 5495 47 * 4. 14. 7 x o | i7. 5.T; 6C lif; Ä 6z 1 6 7 8 14 615 τ o [6._z i O 2 1 | 55 866 17 1 959] 17. The AND 1 {7 | 1 B.
22.8 O7., 18. 1. OL7. 5. 9 6o57 o | i. 1 1. 3 O O | G i8.T.Ti 8C 2. 2. 6 100 5.
13 from 9 4μ._ 1, 45c] 7._ 14, 81, 44. Oh 63o5. _ 63 O | i8.TIi.T, 5 3 £ 5 || 3 500 4.
"| 1 5 O85. Oh. 78 € 7. 33. 3oo | 5 9. 86. I3. 9 6 C | 8. IA3ITIS 4 | 4 [4 1 | 3.
100 1 6 2 7 3 4. O [8, 7: 95 c | 6o4 ". 7. 2 1 elig.TA.T87 G? 100 | 3 | 5 | E || 2.
7 § 62. 7. 3 6 C | 8. 16. 72 © | 6 1 5 63 54 yo © | 9, 13. 543 500 || 2 | 6] F | 1.
28 5 O4. 1 a. 69 oj9. J. 39 C] 627o5. 13. 87 c | 9. 22. 2 1 O $ e | 7 | G: 1.
19 646.TE.To7o9.TIo. 6 oTÌ63847.T7Tx for 63 F. & .T6T9
O 1 3 7 81 7 27 O9. 1 S. 1 O 8) 6498. 30. 4 ... 5 Qjio. _ 15. 33 100] 9] G.
§ 9 23. 1: 1. 3o Clio. "3.T48ol66 A. 23. 7 8 1 1 ob.I.TC.T3 3c of A.
; ; 65. Oh I33I93oHo. 12 1 5067 167 I3I3IoTEIIT8. 1553 1 1 | B.
3 O 42 | 1. 3 • 8 H i S.T2o.T9 co 684o2. 6. 3 6 c] »1 17. 2 O 7 1 J $.
1 1 3.
* - -. . 1 4] K.
For 18 hours, reached the east, 1 5] F.
* ^ ". Y ::; . . 2 6.
India, China, Chataij former Affyrijs Syrian, Sept | [§ | i | $ 1.
  . à 5 G's. 1 7 A.
DAEI, Arabs Damascus, a calculation of the moon is a mere £ | ee | i | s] b.

Page 102

  • •. •. • ** || 8.
that process, however diem recognized by the sun in the West. Fourth AG •. * | W 12 O D.
1) For paetre never changes the new moon, which EGTGF], | E
When the air habitual inclination. Namtuusmeri |, || 5 || 45 A f.
Diana is always the same, cumortus & occafusdiuer * * E 1 512. 3;.
  • • •, • • • • • • •. 2 5] F | 1 412 4.
If diuerfa constitute the first day of civic and exit, and a A, |, | £.
ciuilesfaciant.Nam unequal hours in the summer longio £ A || 4. 6 100.
 •. : 1: •. 8 | B 2. 7] D.
funtdics things, shorter noétesinbruma, aliter.Meri | | 3 || JI.
Diana Vero's punétumidem in your habitation [,] 500 |, |, | f.
When mcridics cuiuscunq; it becomes a half, and scxta b) E L if * • • • 91 3 1 1 o s e p h e r i s c a 50 1.
fertilizing an hour old. Why is fixed and constant, led by cpocha A.
cpilogifmus astronomic; From the inconstant are ordinary citizen dies. And so.
Among astronomical calculations, and they are always the first day of the civil interieétæ.
six hours of unequal. Why do you think is unfair to the south, at the end of the sixth hour.
A civil components of the first day, while the calculation of the moon astronomico have sex /.
cxaétæ most desirable to not numcrant We, in fact to the dregs of hours, so that fupr diseis.
I explained. Let it be, for example, the Jewish nouilunia 6.7.
8o4, the seven hours after beginning the moment 8o4, and captivity.
while they are not from the south, but out of the West. From noon to 6. 1 3. 8o4 effect ,.
where it stands with the lees of less than the hours of think the same. Therefore, when it comes to coal.
'18 hours, then distributed d529ομικῶ; 24 hours are absolutely with tan.
Then 18 7roA / Tixóς sap. %% further μςe9% w / Jewish add B.
is divided into two parts: Jay, vefperam and in the NPA, Mang. Analytically.
Besides the political suppose month from the beginning of the night. Why neceffe.
is, as always meets the coal orbit, she said.
Jay, who is the sun of the West to the East. But the 18 hour to the south.
Sunday defines thought to be on the rise, and the start of NPA. It is not therefore possible attributes.
Bul May 7} in the past. Then transferred to a May fequens. Tranfl.
tion of politics comes to be, a timed their sakes which are continued to prevent two dies, he might more fully.
below. Common lunar year is divided into two fč.
miffum equal, fingulos For 177 days a year at the same level tifrum.
Nifanius equal to 177 totidcm from Nifanius to tifrum. In the year intercalari by.
Tifrum to Nifanius 2 O7. A solid Namintercalatur prior month. A Nifanius, 100.
tifrum to 177. However, there are always a tifrum to Nifanius 177 days a year.
common, not a year embolimaeo 2 O7. However, in the general sense.
sometimes there are 6 or 17, or 177 a year, or embolimæo zo6, either.
2 o8. Close to the year of the common has a 176, or a embolimæus 2 o6, di.
ment defeétiuus year. When he has 177 or 2 O7, said annusordina.
rius.cum has a 178, or a zo8, the year of fuperfluens, autabundans.Ita are done.
of the ordinary year there are three classes: the same number of years of embolimaei. Of year.
Characters are three common types 354, 5.Hoc is Annicommu.
Then one day and diffèrentiafunt end def 3 or 4, equable or 5, cole.
tion. Embolimæi Characters are 5, 6, 7, 5 Exempl.Anno Jewish; 4o.
neomcnia tifrum day of the week began a fertile soil. Neomcnia fequentis 5 years; 41 D.
day of the week began to 7. The difference, dies v. Therefore dictus year, 5; 4o the county.
common logarithm. He is common to each of the two, when, after one and becomes the first.
of the cycle, and the other be fruitful. Porroprimus is abundant, that is the difference.
thanks, v day: what is the difference longiffima ordinary year. Accordingly.
355. Therefore, for the year were the days he ἀμεο9; can be called. Rurfusam.
534 mis 2 is the third cycle, and confequenter Emabolimaeus. His neom.
inhibits inccpit the third day of the week. The following year, which was the fourth of the cycle, there was a fé.
'' Ria fecun.

* ID * E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000, 50 1 B 2. 1 3i.
A fertile seas. Difference Day 1. It is therefore an equable year embolism.
Maeuius. So in other words. Why not retire from the aliisannis time, other approach.
gives, but the residue of the year æquabilcs most desirable to this caufe is as follows: of course, they never had.
volucrint new moons, and tifrum Therefore set I in the first, the fourth to & fexta day of the week: do not.
which is new moon, and Nifanius inprima, and the fourth, fextus, so that there were two other festivities fi.
together, assuming that the bank account of cxplicabitur. If, therefore, being, for example ,.
nouilunia tifrum shall be 1, 5, 57 O, even though there is no exceffus hour.
Rum 18, for example, because it tranflatio astronomy to be done, however ,.
For tifrum never starts on the first day, is transferred and becomes ôzrágía '%.
íuíeg., and conviction inferior neighbors. The year, he who is, and who hath not this.
collapses, it will be outdated 354 days, but 353 only. In the year of the DC.
Ε feétiuo, as a% of Athenienfis £ αι3ςοι; Everyone menfe Boedromion ,.
itaapud the Jews, for the same # 3aigaoi, takes place in the Cafleu: who, when it comes to solidusmen.
fi's, then it becomes cauus. By contrast, in excess, aegóôreoi; takes place in the Mar.
chefvvan: who, when it comes to the nature of the cauus, then out of the ranks of teachers is a solid :.
In this way defeétiuo year, there are three continuous hollow menfes's Mar
chefvvan, Cafleu and Tevet. Inannoabundantc also continuous substance.
three tifrum, Marchefvvan, Cafleu. Who is dcfeétiuus year? He has.
bet Cafleu depression. One year of plenty? he that hath the Marche.
schvvan solid.

Page 103


Cafleu solid. Tranflatione go και ύλάδασεις ήμεgô are caufâ.
33augíαεως or ποσότεως. The political ùzrêgîaai ;, are now speaking ,.
100, and second in order, fitpropter holiday reiiculas, and is fitted to the head.
n & omenie Nifanius year. Reiiculas holiday tifrum Hcbraei note the Danube.
to the bus numbers, Aleph is the first weekday DALED quarter, Waui fexta.
Wednesday reiiculæ Nifanius road Badu Thursday of the second, fourth, fexta. Mixed.
tranflatio is, what kind of Compofita from both the astronomical and out.
The political. Example: In anno primo of the cycle, he that was with 534o, nouilunia.
Tifrifuit; 1,2 3 Jo 79.Hæc neomenianon only 7roX / Tix and metaphorically.
for the sake of Adu, (namely, what has vnamex, fairs, Adu. Habctcnimfe.
first memory), but also because of exccffum d $ € 9yoμικῶς hours. In.
This is nouilunio exceffus 18 hours after it. Tranflatio again either.
fequentis takes place in the day, or the day after the morrow. That was, that when tranf.
500 is one of the Adu find its way into the fall take, astronomy, or Badu. An example.
Be neomeniapropofita 3, 19, 453, Propternouilunium of old.
exceeds 18, it is transferred to the fequentes. However fequens is the fourth week.
ta and inappropriate. So comperendinetur and a fourth place.
Thursday. Because of this compcrcndinationem is an on Jews.
joined by a half days and is a solid surface. Tranflatio is a political fable.
race. For the day of the week it is transferred, or the comperendinatur ποληκ & tan.
as well as in the tifrum, indeed, on account of the A P y, and in Nifanius, however, on account of the BA 500 v.
  Astrong.
f. * 132. 1 w o s e p h s c a 1 1 50 G E R 1.
Translation of astronomical cauff three gcncris it. The first is A.
A H 1 if, that is, 18 hours. fatisiam from the diet. * A second IBA, GA.
R, T, inanner communi.Cum for the annocommuni nouilunia.
3 to 9, 2o4, which call for those, G at A to D. If it nouilunia.
um retineaturinanno a general way, for a year fequenti epaétisannicom.
subsequently, namely, 4, 8, 8; 6, 3, 9, 2 O4 additional confurget nouilunia.
um annifequentis 7, 18, oh. D3e9oux & transfercndum whatever happens.
for the sake of her son, then, will be transferred to the Monday of the first. But that Thursday disapproval.
BA & rciicula is for a 500 V. Comperendinetur go and stand.
tuatur Ash grain. How then fell nouilunia 3, 9, 2 O4.
, or some greater co comperendinetur on behalf of the head of the third day of the week to the Monday of the year,.
fifth. The third cauffa \ d zrsgêdo them; e9yoμικάς, ἀδρό ἰά $, M A T v B.
A t k p h a t postcmbolifmum. When the year, who had just em.
bolifmum fcquitur had the moon, 2, 1 5, 589. For this pofito.
Moon, anteccdens year habueritnouilunium 3, 18, o.quod soil.
cognoscere etc., are highly prized and re years embolimaei 5, 21, 589, from 2, 15, 589.
deduéto.Atiamdictum to 3.18, c, and d effects reiiculum 29% / ομικός, as well.
πο ^ κτικός. How, then, or in the common 3.18 Oh, either or later.
whether embolimaeum, great to end in 1, 15, 589, made in both ca.
Tuesday will be the fifth comperendinanda fu, and then the vtroquc.
case defeétiuus5ne year will be a year of 386 days embolimgusfit com.
Translation of the wall 356 haetenus. However, although it can.
peditiffimú neome Fr. 100 | {.
niarum total of 1 N 500 E 10 100 100 M A R A T E R 5 M.
also, another Tisra and Q ALITATVM Ann I.
, however, the method of g; |.
cxcogitauimus known ii4sisi e. ». 3. l r. f. ■ • £ T. ■ u. $. 17. | base! •• ". Has..
 _ 1 | 1 || 2 | 3 | 1 z 1 || 4 | 2. | 3 | 1 1 1 | 3 1 5 || 6.
igiturstudiofi burn the [3TIEIBITETIAIIETI3IITITATE3Tf; T.
scentes, in 2 or 47 Emb. | 3 [3] [3] [3 7ΤΓΓΕΓΒΤ3] ΤΒΤ ;.
end, that is, Cycles * | "1 * | 3 [5] * [] * [3] 1] | 4T3T3.
5 | 3 50 * 1 | 3 | 5 16 LITATI5TITITATE.
Matt, all ncgmc ,, "| • ETTERTIĘ AND # 3; ff;.
Penychen the CAFD holiday. 7 [5] 8 [4] 2 [3]: [2T3T5TT3ITETITI ;.
beginning. For e * "* | * [3]: [* [*] [3 I3I3T3 | 3] 3 [7].
 2.
iodusIudai 2 [3] i | a | 3 || 5 | 8 | A | 3T5TTTTTjTT5].
riodusIudaicaestan yo Β ΒΓ | iiiiiiiiiiiiiiii] 500.
69 1 6 The military, which fimbus.] * • | 3 [5 [3 [4 * 1 | 3 [5] [4] 7 [3] TFs.
, 1 | 2 | 3 | 2 1 | 2. 3TITATI ET.
They give a 28 diuifa | '' || * * * | * | * | * 3 1 3 | * | 4 | *.
   * 3 | 3 | 3 50 [*] 4 '' ° l '| a || 3] 5 T8TIA.
247 years ago "in which Emb. | 14 ΠΕΓΖΓΓΓΒΤΕΓΓΕΓΓΓά.
the bus becomes the neomc '5 | 3 | 5 || 8 | 4 '[3]' [*] 4 [* | 3 ΠΤΣΙ.
 And i wild 6 || by | 3 | 5 || 8 | i | * | 3 [*] * [4] x | T6TTi.
InlaIUlIm criarum, p ",". 1 7 | i || 8 5I5I0I4 | 7 6 || 1 || 8 || 4 5 || 6.
such as the holidays. 18 [A] EITEITIA [3T5T8ITIEIBITIE.
Then at 28 annisse. Ref.] 19 || 8T4T5T3T:] 8 '3 | 5 '6 || 4 | 7 | 3 | i.
laribus.D Succeeding E N T E 1000 P O R T A 500 V 1000 51 B. 2. 133.
\.
At E R V 100 V 50 50 1000 1000 e n e o N 1 AR 1000 E N S 1 5 M.
A. E x V Q A 50 1 T A T E N A L
Chart | sort | _. [$ Mar month. l. & Eranl a- tifrum. lchef Schaffer | re sche Fada lordi Ifan. l IIara. Sivvan. From ffha. 1 of Elul.
m. dear. wwam. . llew. beth. lbath. lembol.lnar. Muz. • 1.
 * L * l ^ 4 '^ | '[*] 50 4 | 5 || 7 | i | 3 | 4 || 6.
by | Oh || 5 T7TTT 3] _4 6 || 7 | x | 3 | 5 || 6 || 1.
c o 1000 1000 5 3 ^ || 7. | * __ 4 [*] l 1 3 5 6 7 2. 2. I3T.


Page 104


Ν I. | O | T3TI5T6TTTT? 4 50 5 | 7 | '| 3 | 4 || 6.
6] 500 [7TΠΤ5T] 4 1 5 + T TT T <T, T ;.
8 | From 1 5 | 7 1 1 1 4 1 5 #TTTTTZTET ,.
A 1 x 4 1 1 1 6 1 1 | 3 1 4 1 6 || 7 | 2 | 3 | 5 6 1.
B 3 | A Π7T 2 1 | 4 1 3 | 7 | a || 4 | 5 '7 | II3IATT6.
A 1000 b o l 1 4 | 500 || 2 4 1 5% | 7 | _ 4 | 5 | 7 | 1 3 4 6.
1000 AE 1 5 | Oh | 3 | 5 | ° l ° 1 | CHAPTER 4% || 7 l | 3 | 5 || 8 || :.
N A L 6 1 500 || 7 l | 3 | 4 | 5 | 7 l. * | 3 | 5 | ° l '50' || 4.
2 A || 3 5 7 2 1 3 5 7 | 1 3 4 δΤΓΓ *.
8 || 2. 2. 3 5 7 5 4 5 7 | 6 i 2. 4.
house arrest. Away, therefore, from all the 247 years of the Jewish, until they have either 247 ,.
only fuperfint, autminus.Coniiceannos against the forehead of the Indian fequens.
tion. Praecifè and if they are, indeed, it is the last term of the cycle is not in him.
verfu, to whom it has been noted before, but only in the preceding day. Excmplum: Abieétisom.
z ends 47 years of Jewish propofitus left of 114. It is the year.
CVLTOR versus not necessarily feptimi, to whom it has been noted before, but fexti, where the.
He is 95, Eiufque charaeter end eiufdem versus fexti 8. There is great.
The year cycle grade. In this way they remain fi praecifè 19, is in his charaeter.
calcc first verficuli over 19 years Estquc is highly prized and 8 or three times.
shorter. Tametfi præcife number is found, however, take away the closest.
less. Thus, 95 out of the 114 dcmtirclinquunt 19fubcolumna 95. That.
If the number præcife noninuenis, accipc next smallest. Refiduum.
fumes in the Indian side, in recent years the Jewish cycle. For example, Abieétis.
z 47 53 34 propofitus all the years of the period of the Jewish people leaving.
be, for example, 147 is the next smaller number 1 3 3. Rcfiduum.
14 years. Only to arrive at the Indian by the side of those whom he is truly a perfequens not of whom.
, 500, 133. Where marked, the nearest small change in the cell.
"Unless offers fefe 6 charaeter propofiti 147 years. The EMBO year.
Limaea that the principles not know the finger, but also because it is quartufde.
control cycle. Confer in Laterculum menfium years embolism.
mæorum. Inverfu charaeter first year reperisprimum charaeter.
6. In the ongoing backwards with the letter D. year which means that effect.
"Defeetio. Then, following omnesneomeniæ menfe. For example, TI £.
rl year that begins on day 2. 7. Marchefvvan and so on. Again.
Marcus propoi io s e p h 34 50 1 1 S C A G E R 1.
to be set forth, and the year the Jew a bitter, disposition of the heavenly A., whom the Jews to mark off the effe
nose. Abieétis all the 247, they are left to 168. The number of the to the next.
I smaller than in front of the 152, where 1 out of 68 thrown, they remain 16.
It is therefore fextufdecimus year cycle, which is the common, Vt.
you know the index, and the cycle ipso. Established by the Index from the region of the years 16, in the cell.
numero 1 52 under the general, whom I have rejected from dropping in propofita, it is offered.
charaeter 2, which gives the tile old joint with the letter G.
ejse ordinary stamps that year, and fequentes tifrum not fair.
so that above the marked. It is highly prized and three times that tifrum 5, 3, 9o4.
Propofitus same consistency method in any way.
Nothing is shorter and the relative ease of this brief that even a gram.
adolesccntum good value considering. Of course, this poffunt B.
constantly affirm the contrary, the diligence and non-vernacular, & & index finger of the industry.
tile construétum fuiffe. When I say the moons holiday.
2 world to return to a period of 47 years, I understand, it does not.
hours. In fact, in the decemmillibus or more years old, nunquamrepe.
nes two new moons, day of the week, hours and minutes and to each a point of meeting.
500 E A N N o v e t Serv 1000 O R H E B Roe v M.
A 5 5 1000 N A T 50 i
1 s e r t e expreffes is Exodixii, fuiffe the autumn of the year.
Of the Hebrews, because it is of the autumnal equinox in spring followed which is to be changed: C
'Item xxiii head, solenneScenopegiæ conferturin the end of the year.
The year began on the autumn fiquidem.
anniestinautumno issue. So at the end of the year, so fa c y c l v s
let, intercalabatur menfis. Therefore eueniebat as | V. E T E R 5 1000.
       Jews.
In the first menfis now tifrum today, for now | J.
IMarchcfvvan fall into it. So he threw it.
one of the first cycle of the head menfis autumn, | £ j..
      • • • w 2.
modern names are bound by the start of the cycle ,.
the world had to be withdrawn; but given our first annoint $ | IIa.
Daicus to begin its first year, fell 6 1 March (WAN.
• • T • tifrum.
In the third cycle of the moon, so that from the previous $ | iiae, [D.
Although learn. At this point, therefore, the cycle of the place has a |.,? £ # hefw.
• •, • Jan. arcnefW.
Iudaicoadtempus the first year of Exodus in | 1 1 [MEEEEE.
 • 1 2 Ti (n.
cut into the Jewish year: 264, in the cycle of Lu | i | ia ,,.
Daicus third time, and therefore the first menfiscongrue | :: ||: he is selling.
  . • '5 | 1 ilri.
Marchefvvan go today. Approximately smaller nu 1 6 1 Marchefwan.
Deserved the Board old Jewish gathered together | 3 |} * o * ".
Rum is the z 166, and the remaining 98 are expanfi which | I IMarchefvan 9].
V. remedy.
■, from 500 N 500 E 1000 E 1000 E P O R T A T. V 1000 Li B. 2. 135.
A fitting end in tifrum 2 Oh, 4OI. epaétæ of 28, 2, 2, 882 CY.
clus Sunday was 24. Therefore, the new tifrum fell to the letter G. Epaétæ.


Page 105


bris. However, it was the first menfis Marchefvvan, as is the case for the cycle.
pofito. Therefore if one menfis Characters 1, 12, 87 and 6 2 Oh, 4OI.
compofueris, you will have for the first time menfem of the Hebrews, that year would be that the end of.
PE 3, 13, 2 4, October VIII, which was next to a day aequinoctijs. Therefore.
charaeter additional six menfium will have feptimum menfem, that is.
Nifanius that this year, 5, 17, 552, April fertile soil. Since.
At the seven menfis starting to think first, and after that institution.
intercalari safe. This is an old menfis fextus, twelve was Sec.
J8 between the tenth, and vndecimum continued into this fedes embolifmi v £.
quediem. . . · · ·.
Autemconstat enough of those things supra demonstrated that we are in.
Greece reached the lunar cycle effects. For the growth together his Buls !.
In writing, of the new moons, some of the Hebrews to mark the reason that the ancients were not able to, either.
excomputo: fedexobseruatione. I would quidemvlla for four hours.
they talked about. For the day, that is, wχόμεθ9%) to twenty-four hours share.
Greece and comment, and far behind the times of Solon, Hc.
liotropiis of the Greeks in many words, and at last the Romans, under the command of.
to the Jews by the Romans, Tranflator. And so, in more ancient, to my opinion, as large resources,.
:.
I
l.
a dream that, the weekdays of no appeal against a planctis, which vtab at the hours in which Fingulae.
, 100 planets fuum claim to meet this particularly desirable. Therefore, the first human.
cauff propofuimus right to work another thing, that if there morofis.
please fequantur through me certain admittedly trite and commonplace hours of the planet.
carages appeal. In fact, I know, how difficult it happen in as many Aristarchus, men of fa.
factory. Moreover, from the book of Exodus, to the times Sedekiae refuse of the final of the King, potc.
Jewish brass safe to use. Nor is there ever go wrong.
500 E N A N C E G A 1 AR.
1 \ x things that previously we accuratc of the year hagarena investigation.
ing fated clear that the reason for embolifmi menfibus deful.
closed whenever there, do not intercalate with the hagarena menfem has a twin, v t.
ID Jews faced Adar Athenienfis τοτίσεδα d rte9: Fed is that.
was the first of the year, in all its embolifmo became one of the last of the year, so as the same poet.
menfis year opened and closed some quasi Janus Patulcius ,.
& Cluf. And against those who had been fruitful, it was the year after.
embolifmum.Satis on this diet est.Hoc year refuoloco above the eyelashes.
ces fiueCaramanni and quædamaliæ Muhammedicænationes to me.
memory of proauorumnostrorum vñ there are: of which thing we have left no vestiges solumi.
Muffulmanorum the books, but today and in the Turks and quofdam fu.
2. pcrfunt ;.
s * 1 3 6. 1 o s e p h 1 1 50 Sc A G E R L
pcrfunt, who is a mere period of hagarena of Callippus are of servitude, and when yet it is.
In the mean time it is clear that the reason for them, the years of the Hegira, the, not less, than for others Mufful.
mania. But as there is of Muharram of the first day of Iu.
hagarena bands in the Eastern Han period are free to do so.
ctiamidem of Muharram starts with Petraeus hagarena annumvagum.
take whatever time is Muhammedes false prophets ridiculous law.
fua published, and to coaótus is to take on a flight for himself, as takes place in the revolution because ,.
and prefer to those who belong to $ pnaweido. Where nominc epoch.
Muhammedis is Hegirathi, that is δαχμάς άτὸς ἐ $ pnyeia * .Hoc.
For it means §:>? "averbium J, this cstένδέκεὸς υτός * 5prox € ίας.
The word frequentiffimum occurred Koran. The Arab equal.
{Cribunt I) $, that is, άποχὴν, effet "<= • G> *» * =} ** € • § 5 '.
Mecha.Quia, however, from the point of flight Muhammcdis MuhammedesfimiaChri.
Stian ruler many ways, is the same serse fuse appcllatione no.
dulled when his native Christian Emperor Diocletian. As the air Diocletian.
".
Diet is £ 1000 A A A R T Y R 2, and ÆraMuhammedis diet is too long.
gira. There is nothing to aliudcst, of martyrdom, or δόγμός στός ἐ $ yn.
oxeiovg. Aufpicatiffimæ to save the time that it fell on the sixteenth of July ,.
62 2 year, weekday V1 in the Alexandreo 9; 3, accordingly.
vicefimo early stages of the fifth hagarena. Chapter years of Rama.
Dhanis, March 2 O, weekday feptimi, cyclo Sunday XT. Therefore, without being of Muharram.
Ramadhan began to burn from a weekday Yi, July sixteen, so we decided to TAC.
anteuerterit From the new moons, and for a whole two days, the Jewish men of the year 4382.
Hagarena on Wednesday, July 3 x. Chart & amid youngsters, 4, 7, 112.
Quodautem ineunteHegira retexivetus is to grow dark period hagarena.
2 28 years old, illustres example, we have a birthday foul muha.
Media. John Rabie was born the day before, on fertile soil. He died.
eiufdem menfis the same day, in hegirae x Auetore chronologues Bar.
Racen at the end of the addition of the Koran, so that to say nothing of confenfus of all things.
Muhammcdanorum. When third year Arabicos solids, Auetore.
The chronology of the same. He died in the year 631, about sixteen, either.
XVII of June. 3 sixty years they Arabiciab the year 631 on the front.
unravel definunt year at 57 o. Seleucidarum year was 881, D.
Consequently, the fourth great period hagarena 197, that is, 45 years.
Calippicæ third period, cuiufmodi agreed all three periods. In.
Hagarena board periods, under the title of the third period, and laterally year.
'45, met menfis spring hagarena Sephar, Matt March, weekday.
3, cyclo Sunday six.

Page 106


XX 1 1 1 1, and by the second week confequenter John Rabie v. May. Was born.
A plane was the fifth day of May, 57 O Christ. But in the year paid.
This in no way, can contingcrc. For example, the first mcomcnia Rabie.
  • 111 2I1.
A.
B 1; p e E 1000 N 500 E r. T E P O R V 1000 50 1 B. 2. 19 ».
From a year is paid falls on a Thursday neceffe is to have an end.
Of Muharram is the day of the week a fertile soil. Ax hegirae 63 years in Arabic.
retroretextis crosses a 158 year period of 2 years hebdomadicam I ,.
de quafuo the place where it shall be said. Atquififingamusannum Arab radiation.
fuiffe soluble, Muharram noncaepit feriafecunda, except in the year 154, either.
* 6z period hebdomadicam That withdraws from very short life.
Muhammedis 63 years. Disclose fcquitur beginning Mu.
hammcdifmo, periodumHagarenam loose fuiffe. Diximusanno x.
Hegirae it obiiffe According codemChronologo and the recovery of old.
Muhammedanorum idea, on the second John Rabie previous examples.
cxco harvested at 63 years Arabicos vixiffe. Accordingly.
Ε month of Muharram begins on the second, so it is above the ostenfor.
Well 3 starts on Monday, March 1, x, z Sunday cycle 4. Not, 1 x 1 ,.
but X 1 Rabie was the first day of fertile soil. He died the day when even x 1 ,.
fequente x 11, the sixteenth of June, fequente xvii the year 631.
Who wrote the Muhammedem xx born September 1, in Christ.
571, Sahaben 1 x 1, on the second, which is why expiscare desirable to consider :.
Since John Sahabcn coanno in the period hagarena of Se.
ptembris xviii, day of the week by force. So there are very deluded. Neither.
SUPPORTED do with the death of Muhammedis with the year 63 2.
said John rabic earlier Wednesday prolific in June, VIII, XI Hegira year ,.
idem with a chronology that once a Muslim year of Hegira.
ccurrente was dead, saying in effect: vndecimi of Muharram of the year, however, iniuerit.
27 March, was Saturday. Confequens since the previous twelve Rabie fuifsc.
1 1 Thursday, not as equal to disasters neighbors. Now Muhammedem.
the first born of fuiffe xii Rabie, nonautem 12 Sahaben, in addition to Chro.
Nicon old and confenfus the Muhammedanorum, auetor it.
Yo. Leoin sua Africa. Gazzulos nation of Libya, where he writes a market.
be less true of his birth was to enter into the Muhammedis, and twelve rabic that is to say of the first: to whom be the celebration of.
hritati interfuiffe be the year of Hegira 92 O Christ, 1511: while.
However, on the first day of Muharram 92 o iniuerit Matt Fcbruarij year.
Arkansas 1 514 Tricnnio less, he said. As often on.
illofuoeximioopere years, Jesus compares cumannisHegiræ (cont.
Preparing a faepiffime 500), but he never even once NC :.
The Studiofi these things monerc wanted. Idquc surprise to him.
a man who Muhammcdanus and nations, and the things that make muha.
medifmum concerned peritiffimus him. This is the only reason why Muf.
Pulman co season and moons bear his native orfi desirable, that too much.
Rum is made from a prescribed period. 'Moon' is already corniculata.
He was what is called in Arabic J) a beak above mentioned. And so finedubioho.
Tell all the Muhammcdistae Infastigiis fummer Turriti of them, and from them.
Moon checkered fpeculantur, partly SHAPED moon.
1000 3. For ¥ 38 1 1 o s e p h e r i s c a 50 1.
For remarkable, as thou.
While Christian cross.
Then he has no neome.
mia was of Muharram, in which '.
1000 Hegira MVHAMEDICÆ blade.
S o t o 5 50 100 100 N O H A L E R T A N O.
ii.
mon effect 4aai;, vtpotecum [% = l J / ucharramu. Io.
a couple of days and begin the wild beasts, •.
How the new Jews. _ I2 | T <£ PHARM. 2 f.
However, this is not so and after V.
J5S for several hundred years) and y 'rabies before it. 3.
RIAS suitable for neome LsSi **) rabies later. | 5 |.
Jewish money, and after | : S: oi! 'Umadi.
Otherwise it anticipates that J% ^ ' "Sov * = Glumadium prior 6.
below will be opened. The J * S) <4> • Giumadium post.] 1.
JMucharram hegirae cæ.
fexta dies from Monday, so Q J | Regiabu. 2.
facras day to have the 100 / \ <x. Sahabemu. 4.
so by that time. I do.
I know older fupersti "9va" 9J Tamadhamu. 5.
making effect, for the sake of Ve CJ; . l Schevvalu. 7.
mer than 29 ~ i c h o B A R * •.
They called and summa fu äoxâ], 3 Dulkaidathi. I
• erstitione old times five. ■ r.
E. ά, J & ~]], and \ Dulchagiathi. 3.
fexta via what is called ά •> This is the aüa3% and xxAndia, juxta, n y things.
ca deference to them, the quaIudæis Saturday, Christian DiesSolis.Post.
How% s; OG & ράμα this year, are in fuperest as a method of ,.
And a method is put in place. The ancient Arabians, who were very near.
ncbulonisabsuerunt his age, a period of huiusannivagi.
to make a wanted to, there was no reason to enter into potuerunt aliameius, than.
FIVNT, nor offense of deratiocinio menfis of the moon, they had brought, but he who, because of fear.
vndetriginta three times a day, and femiffem with 793 kinds have excelled ,.
the seconds, or two hours, or a hill, in recent years & always leaves behind a blessing. So vtnulla.
a period of years, then decided præcife poffit Arab community.
And so, from the year 79 3 minutes and one detraxerunt.Quare Arabicusha.
BCT day; 54 hours, 8 minutes, flue signs and Chaldean, 864. winter.


Page 107


are in a year. She wonders Chaldean 864 are fexagefimo showtimes.
48 'præcife. Long hours 8, scruples. 48, if the argument minutes.
diurnorumredigantur, two slips are made daily or z 2 velquantitas display.
396. The second release bed days a year is 355 minutes.
Rum release 44- year Itaq5 is Üãêfius30. acceffit For His days he passed ,.
bifextum as is customary fourth year anniversary in the form of Julian. This.
2111lllIIM.
2.
• _D Succeeding E N T E 1000 P O R T A 500 V 1000 51 B. 2. 1; 9.
1..

7.
V *.
} * A £ |; $ i $$ it; | Arab calls a year. ... <• * ».
1Oc11 R; •.
# *** [* "*****] Chebifah Senath, that is, and in viavròv.
δ ". •. ".
§ 3. [§ | § & ;;;:; :: ^ despite ιμαῖον. Huiufmodi of the year J.
, I, § || 3. G | 3 is ou * E; ^ / •.
§ijj | J | J | * £ ** | aëìuse9, eleven are in vnaperiodo..
  • V /.
cæl ila; ΤΓ | Vndecimus of Ja? © fiusg the penultimate.
'| ; |; *; 3STIO | © Arabicæ.Intricefimo agiaxoid concentrated.
T6oTIBI.
O || 3.
iET | end. Thus præcifa equation will, as we have said, ,.
, however, nothing remains of any scruples diur.
things. .
5 °] ° | she is from one minute exemptione._.
P & £ ,.
.
i I2.I.
4.
i.
6_.
3.
7.
5.
2.
: *** the Jewish lunar mcnfe. so that in Russia.
$. A ';!; twelve years defies Difficulty with thirty 3 6 o.qui.
 A, 4 | $ | they are found in normal years, Athens, flue.
<* |; £ |; * ;; Jewish. So ἀμφο9 are hún Triacade year.
• Ill fig; $ i; Ε1 7] 6 1 * vagmuagg with 1equens of the year.
£ # £ 8; * Blessed to have five for charaeter, oh-four. However.
* [; [7], | vagnusgia deferred till tricefimo to let præcifà St.
* | ;; -, *, || quatiO of the whole ratiocinj Conditions of the moon. Qgod mitasolcr.
3 § [§ 23] | ness AB will attend to observe effects. Anyway,.
§ 2 #. $ J £ E | In a few years charaóteres præuertiffent nouilu.
 [Δβ 33 | | nia. Example. Be Arabian year from the Hegira.
And. [A 7 %%!] 99o. There is, it appears, grade τιακοπάτηςίόος Trice.
;; E §; fimætertiæ. Rcgularis the current period will be united ,.
3 developer ol4] Characters that adieéta last year periods given.
Fifth feriamanni, 2 Jan 5. Annusvero with the year 1582.
ύλάήμερος restored to the remaining third strike Characters year.
the first 7: axade fequentis. But if that system minutes of a request.
but, last year charaeter native V, a year after yourfcif grade average.
of bile, then it will make a fruitful source of so much reliquiffet Characters fequentis.
year, and in fineperiodiidem charaeter nouilunia delayed by one day.
For relinquerctfeptimam make proprima. & Confequenterhocmo.
do not end in the first of Muharram Muhammedicae coepiffet from Monday.
fextus, but the fifth. It is therefore essential that year τιακοπάςτηςίδος grade.
T) has the same condition as the first. Divide the Hegira years.
z 1o. Refiduo the number of the nearest smaller logarithm of radiation take it to thee, whom they come.
You inlinea charaéterifmorum periods tametfi præcife to find.
For example. In that Christ was supposed to 1582. He began, as I said.
mouse, 99o year of the Hegira, on the 2nd of January 5. Throw the first time, all 21 O ;.
1 remains 5o, which is used in a number of præcife line charaéterifmi.
Throw neighbors up less than 1 2 o. There remains O 3. Take this rule.
1 z o from the region of the matter, that is to say was a unity. Characters indiscriminately into it.
Oh Triacontacteridos 3 years. Is Thursday. And so, a year of propofi.
/ 1000 IU $ 4 1 46 1 1 o s e p h s c a c e l 1 R 1.
99o Hcgirae began to burn 500 version, the cycle of the sun, in a 2 5 January. * No.
cnimratioscrupulorum Lunariumaequaturinannovltimo * lgaxddog ,.
vtiam we have, and omnisvarietas keeping infepties trigintaannis Arabi.
side of the circuit, which makes a total of 21 o.Contumaciffimus verohicannus is, ncq ;.
cumannoIuliano easy returns unwelcome. Tricefimustertiuspropiusabcst.
Sun. For the 33 years of the Hegira they are giving, 2 years, Julian, and dicspraeterea.
Ivi, 65 scrup.totidem Contraanni Julian give Arabicos 66.dies 354.
6. doubts that is, Arabica 67 years, less than 16 minutes. But these.
just and emcndatam periodumefficere not poffunt. Anniquidem 33.
Hegirae pcragrant the whole context of the year of Julian, but can no longer return in the, or.
bem.Superfüntenimdics 6.scrup. 6.vtiam gods and is known. For example.
£ reason Hegiræcoepit first year on the 16th of July, cyclo Monday XT. E trice
fexto becoming the fourth day after it began, z is 1 July, cycloLunæ IX.
Quodvcriffimum above. Why not methodushinc cóficipotest. Safer.
Great period cxcogitauimus than 28 years z, enncadecac.
tcridumduodecim.Sequamur the huiusperiodicompendiuminan.
end of Christ, of which deduétisomnibus z 28, further adieéta unit ,.
vtsolet ficriinnumeroaureo inucstigando, if refiduum præcifeinfron.
You Latcrculi repcriatur, abiiccabeo nearest small and .vt, if you find 151 ;.
abiicc 133 neighbors minority, and rcfiduum19 been donated bricks.
fubdiétis133.Communisangulus offer Menfo Lunar January.
* ' "*", "** ° ITiATERCVLVSTRESMENIÆplopropofito, narrow Question.

1000 W H A R R. M.
sellus general offers 9 [19] 38 | 57 | 76 | 95 [14 [133 [152] 171 [19e [xO9.
Yo. So muharram | * H * £ £ £ H H ;;} $ HHHHH;.
  .
7. 4 | 9 | 2 | 7 | * [5] '°] 3 [*] £ | !.
incipict from about Luna |. s. §jì%] jíEíEÈÉÊËEE ;.


Page 108

 a. 1 so I7 | E | I5TEEI8 [1] metal.
 _ || 16. 15. I4] i] 6] 1 1 | 4 | 2 | 3 | 7 | * | 5 | yo | 3.
In March, the AMC 13. 17 | 3l5 | iei_3] _ | i | 6] i | 4 | 9 | _.
J December. But if. . 19ITifT4 | T5] ΠΓ7] YOU | t.
5ITISTj] t £] Ti.
tem præcifè are not in the.
his veins and, always, however, has been rich in propofitus on behalf of the doctrine of take it to thee.
ximc least. The year of 1582 is proposed Adicéta unit ,.
iubeas Methodus as a golden number, and ABIC and tie every 28 2, RC.
215. Abiicio remain nearly 29g less if they remain 6. D.
6 seek the officer side, and coming in at the right vfquc changed.
NCM corner of the sub numero 2 O9, 11, say the find in Christ.
1582 propofitus, Muharram Hegira year 99o coepiffe Moon vnde.
tenth day of March, that is January 2 5. Nothing is expcditius the canon.
Because of nouilunia Arabicœ © Dora; acts do not correspond with yourselves.
fynodis Lunaribus, or, rather, epa £ us our sins, habes Mcthodumin.
ucstigandæ holiday in the example above the Triacontacteridis. For ipfas in.
diem say a year Iuliano.hic of Latcrculus teaches mcnfem. Par.
this ro) E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. 2. 141 ,.
A ro to the year 1594, adieéta unit, and derive all.
z 28 remaining 2 27. derive directly smaller O9 from the front.
Maps remains cycle Dionyfiani 18, who sets under 2 O9.
in general, the cell shows the feptimum menfem from the place in March. In keeping with this.
the year 1594, year of Hegira year starts with the language in men.
fč September. Again, the year 62 2 starts Muharram.
Hegira, sixteen of July, which is the fifth lunatio as Our computer.
they say. Adding years to the unity of Christ derive values ​​of z 28, RC.
the smaller the number of approximately 152 167. Abicéto remain, there remain fifteen.
the number of 152 under dicto finistro the side of those who, dcducunt you to the corner of the.
group. which have V. Therefore, the fifth day of the moon of March, began to be from the pri.
f, E a mouse, of Muharram, Muhammedicae. Otherwise. The year is proposed Christ.
Dionyfianus 1446. Away from him, the number of the nearest smaller in the.
fubieéta Board, under the Julian numbers, namely 1 368 remain.
of the year of Julian 78. A Who.




] Busabiicionumerum In TABLET returns.] [A A B 5 50 A.
lianum next smaller | c 500 1 A E N N N ANNORV bone.
Wherefore, 7 6. 2 Arabic are left in Julia £ * *.
Julian years, we quidantam and con.
  tf2l. Years [Day. Hours. Scrum.
We Arabicos number, and e. Pu.
Day 2 2 infuperex Tabu | 18; m | pi;:; | | Ti] TETEEIEGA.
la expanfa years. [* [I- [2 ° 3 [TIT8TAG8.
 N III i | __! 2 | _19 ._ * © 7. 9 3 || 31. 15. 613.
Now pull numbers from c | I3 8 ['39. I59.To 4] 43. 13. 816.
Arabicos Iulianisrefpon 3 | _5_71_58. Oh 166% | £ J - J%.
6 __ 6. . 7.. 1 4.
teeth, of course, 14Ioan | £ |,% * * | £ |% EE.
  97. 32. 5. a.
---.
we 6 days, the age of 6] TT4 | TH.T75. 3 8 || 87._i._553.
     - ~ l i! * --_-. . zz. 7 $ 6.
78 days 118. them to the 7 | _ 3 3] 137. 39. ® 9 || 97, 32, 750.
 8 1 5 2 | R56. 236. O O 1 | 1 o8. 19. 96o.
When the two 211 cc 9 | T 7 | Ti6T89.Tö 1 1 |! 19. I7. 84.
the bus 22, melt the year | «| IGG [E; g | | ;; i ;; - £ i • • i 1 lI339 |. I5.I 148. o 1 3 | 141 • 49.
Arabic 149o, 146 days | , || - ;;? jíTÄ.T55] | I 4 | 5 * * 9%.
Why Kal.Ianuarijpri | . ; 4 | T353 | 4j5.TEX £ | | ; 5 |: # ** £ £ ?.
mfanni Christ monkDemophilus | 3 £ | t £ $ £ | 7S5IEB? : E- £ E.
 • / 48 | 9 1 2 || 94o. 3. 1o -.
be the exitüanni 446, 6 O TTO 175.TA.TIO 1 1 8 195. 2. • £ 1.
500 anniArabici melted and 7. | i333] M £ 1 £ 1 ISl '* * 18. 63.
diestotidem. I would now | ** [§ 2]% £ $ 5; 5 '.
  9 6 || 1 8 2 4 1 188 O. 6. 4o v.
to know that one is made, the quotient of the year | , $ S | √îjs.
Hegira. Throw years | **? [E89], 553.TEEE.
   1 2 8.
Aräbicos64o Day 2 2o, | '' | I £ |? - '? 1 4 4 | 2 7 3 6 | 28 2o. 1 a. • Oh.
46. ​​The monarch _ § 1 of 49 o.I.
 • ^. I •: *.
you are able to, was adapted to the integrity of, as he is accustomed to, do away the 5oo. Relin from 1489; .
minds perceive with a 849 years of Arabic Hegira, the day of 28o. So in Christ.
STI moon of Muharram fell into ncomcniam $ 1 446 nm ;.
.... March, 4 H 2. 1 o s e p h s c a 50 1 1 G E R 1.
Martij. For 28 days a year of remodeling the back Julian definunt Inno.
uilunio March. Ifque was a year of Hegira 85o inicns. Abicótis it.
21o three remain: 1. Oh period of 1 year is the fifth time. Rcgularis.
The first Triacontaeteridis z. which added to the £, are highly prized of the tenth month of the year fell.
I composed a third. And so the 29 of March was the new moon: muha.
Ram 85o. To turn years of age Arabic in Christ.
In the same example, the Arabic language independent 849 years, since the days of 28 ,.
7 O 5 less derive the number of neighbors they leave behind years of Ara.
Bico 144 days 277 minutes. 3 a. The number of paths again.
I Arabian smaller than 137 years, since the days of 3o leave.
"Quit 7 years, Arab 247 years of the seven days of Ara.
bici are under Julian spends days 7 6, in the Table B.
Rum expanfa, who deduéti they leave the dies 17 of the 247. o. 3 Oh.
Julian appropriate to take Arabic numbers, viz.
Arab 7o5, 684. Julian, the Arabian 137, 133 Star.
To those may feptem those with whom they aequasti with the Julian. Made.


Page 109

 Yes.
gue, from the first of Muharram, Muhammedicae, to the close of the year.
Christ 1446, many years, and the fluxiffè certainty. When they were at.
the radicc, 621 years, 195 days of the year to blow up a Chris Julian.
I stand, I446, when the 3 o 'minutes. of the day, as he had done before. However, in his mind: La |.
terculi of Muharram method, when lunatio March whether it!.
You twelfth of March, the Moon of March, at the end of 100 l>.
of the year, eleven of the new moons, effe: lest at any time menfem December.
on behalf of one of the Lunation, you are receiving, poffint-thirds will be the same with the men.
J contingerc examples in the cycle, v, z 5. In the epaéta above.
years of Christ & CY.
CLO Dionyfiano from A A A B 5 50 100 500 N O N F E R E L
pertus CS, the same power n e o 1000 E 1000 N A T 1 S 1 R 1.
TCS 1n years and CY Jewish menfibus.
CLO Jewish cumhac, • • Hegira.
Board, which will | ALI;.
  _ Jewish people. 9 T * S * | * 7 7 6 || $ 9 1 1 14: 33] * ** 1 7 1 | 1 9 O | 1 O 9.
We call tablet | IETATEÄTjE | BETS AND] to] T8IBI D.
neome contributing 8, 7 | i 1 [6] [8] [3 | 9 | 5 | 1 *] 7]] 9] 4.
• by 2. 1 a. 9 1 1 2 | 7 | 2 | 9] 4 [i] 6 | i | 8 | 3ji O | 5.
niamTifricummen | jjjjjjTi] TS | T5 | 5 | 5 |. Her I5T5ΓίΒ | $.
fibus Arabic. 1 or 17. 16. 5] 2 || 9 | 4 | 1 1 || 6] 1 | 8 | 3 | 1 O | 5 | 1 1 | 7.
  • a • TTEIIEITATIFG [T | ITATETITATT5TITA] ÌTtTT6ΓΓ3Tnushic subject Christ 19. 18 | ■ R 3 O | 5 1 1 2 1 7 1 2 || 9 | 4 | 1 1 | 8.
159 4, Iudaicus53 55 ,.
From hocSeptembri, at the time of writing. I want to know who the new moon.
menfium hegirae conuenitTifrianni 5355 propofiti. Abieétis whole of it.
 To some it Succeeding E N T E 1000 P O R T A 500 V 1000 51 B. 2. 143.
Abus z 28, yet there remain of the year 3, about which she dcduétis the next smaller ones.
Propofitus 95, in front of the table, there remains a 16 year cycle, the Jewish people, which.
into the area of ​​the side of the table, to the number of the frontal under 95, in the communicella ;.
tibimenfem shows the first Arab, that is Muharram, improper.
Likewise menfi tifrum. Thus, because it is easy, there are a number of examples did not meet them.
I will. combustion; oh oh say Muharram 1; Hegira, hocanno of 1594 ,.
But the Jewish tifrum began to appear in tifrum 53 55. Thursday, Mu.
HARRIS fexta week. Abieétis all of Io Ioo ;, about 163 remain.
which again derive the least of approximately 5o according to the Table 1 charaóte.
rifmi periods, remaining 1 year 3 Triacontaeteridos. Charaeter number.
n 1 5o 6 is a man with charm & grind 1 year; compofito, hocestcum 7, dot.
R 6 strike. Therefore Muharram IOO 3 starts fecundaTifri. This expeditiffima.
method straight month coffee in the Jewish conferes. But even.
to have given another's bring, into which they applied to all these methods of vapor.
mouse. Erasmus Ofvvaldus, and after receiving this exceffus been made public belong to him.
the work of the seven calendar writes J vidiffe comment Aben.
IRascht conuerfis in the telling of the Hebrew, is so, and wrote on the plaster.
ptum left Paraphrastes vys no Jew in nwsn T- $ tqn nnni.
* Sytyjin p> VR, fitffi rat Wye mouse syn want, fivsnm NGV ol Absoluihoc.
enarrationis of work on Saturdays, neomeniaRegeb years serse all.
maëlitarum lo. Isa. The book is Ofvvaldi, Fee and if there fiöpfi. that men.
Give me a big dark shadow in the previous edition. Experiencing the joy.
c anywhere in our method: Map of reducing the age of the Arabic lu.
Lian, down just under 47 years Arabicos Oh, one day ,.
Deanna Arab 564præteritis. RemanentanniArabici 9 3> 53 3 days.
dequibus again demptisannis Arabicisproxime smaller than 78, days.
118. remanentanni Arabic 1 5, z, 35 days old is already on the table.
Panfu, 15 anniIulianifunt the same number of the days of the years of Arabicicum 163.
DC derive 163 2 3 5, with the remaining 2 years of the 7 1 5 Star. which.
If you join the 456 years, 76 years, all of which are appropriate to ARA.
BICI, who will be the year of Julian's 547, 2. which one should add the root of the 7 days.
Hegirae years of age is 621, 195 years to the day.
Julian Christ, unfettered by 1168, and the addition of 2 67 years.
Day 2 67 500 1169 Kalend.Ian. definunt on 24 Sept Therefore 2 5 Sept
The year began hegirae 565, Thursday. Abieétis 565 all out.
21 remain with a smaller number next year 145 1 2 O by Tabu.
Besides that i la charaéterifmi periods dear charaeter.
Re 2 5 years Triacontaeteridis compofito when they were 4 gives fair.
565 one-fifth of Muharram, so it was propofitum. Therefore was He, and He began the year.
When tifrum Jewish. But if the Muharram starts from Thursday.
   ... Acgcb.
E p h o s s c a 1 1 144 50 1 G E R 1.
You ruled it was Saturday. For charaeter menfium ruled in Table A.
Hcgiræ to 2 with charm & grind of Muharram compofitusfacit condition.
feptimi. There was, therefore, Regcb Nifanius the Jew by breaking of the year 493 c. Abieétis.
• 2 all 28 remain Abieéto 142. Finally, the Jewish year to the next.
I lower the number 13; Maps exchange in front of the tifrum.
menfibus by the Jews, he remains at the nineteenth year of the cycle of the Jewish, who are aside.
1 was found in a corner of the common under 33, gives the first menfem hegira ,.
tifrum of Muharram that is appropriate for the Jews, Dieter vtiam it.
Charaeter that tifrum 3, 8, 616, Tuesday, August 2 3. restitution.
He comes then the new moon of Muharram for two days. Nifanius Iudaicusanno Christmas.
Oh STI fequente 117 of 19 March, Thursday, Sunday cycle 3.

Page 110


Syria has been on the Nifanabsolutus paraphrastae his book. However, some damage B.
Triacontaeteridos of such a method to clarify and Arabic. For they who out.
Tables Alfonfinis real moon menfium Arabian fč Hau.
kokkýzein poffe think so frustrated than one year Arabicos p.
so that I will send a inuestigant5 to prevent the error of Alfonfino charaeter of a new moon.
, which was the first of Muharram hegirae charaóterem brand or below.
will make a V, that had been the force, though she was so takes place in the code which Albateni. In So.
Mini Dionyfiano 1548, November 3, celebrated Easter Mu.
Hammcdicum, in this example the Hegira 955. Priufquam meth.
as long as our examine, we must know from the do not, that the Passover is two-fold.
bulonis plan. CAPITAL Passover, which yourfcif Behiram elkabir.
calls, and the phase minusculum that Behiram elzaguer said. Priuscus.
Schevval always celebrated on the new moon, on the other x dulch.
gia menfis final. The interval menfes two solid days. And Fane from.
the Cantharidae, on us, who have observed this at Constantinople, to that extent interual.
Easter noted that both the sky. and what we know from other sources.
"The phase minusculum crowd that funny and unclean feet ,.
He calls the Behiram Arraphoth. It is the mountain were not a lot of what is absent.
Mecha from the town, the one who was on our pilgrimage we will pay fuscipiunt a solemn feast.
minusculi that Easter Sunday. Therefore, etiamillud Paschaeo the name of the Cazi.
Behiram Turks called tar. Since Cazi Turkish language statement.
and the votes of people traveling. And I think from that plant be.
Hiram set the example of Christians and Christian D.
Quadragefimam he incurs always a great degree, in the toils of war, to whom Ra.
madhan Damascenusco refpondebat year that starts Hegira. PROP.
and our diet, it is customary in the new moon was come, he, the scoundrel has left his mcnfis paschalc ,.
quiRamadhan approximately fcquitur, and although he had solutocyclo Haga.
Reno old and rein in vagantilaxatis. The second phase i.
mitamentum is $ m $ αγίων λτχύλων instituit.quae myeia today EC.
clefiis. Constantinopolitana, Antiochcna and Alexandria feruatur.
Back.
500 E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. 2. 14 ;.
A Let us return now to the Turks, from whom they we have already said, in the year Hc.
Round and 955, of the 1548, the third day of November, almost se.
ptima, the cycle of the sun, 17, CAPITAL celebraffe the Passover, on the new moon.
Schevval. Ziv threw away all of the 955 remains the year 2 5 PE.
9 O Rio, whose regular Characters 4 3 2 5 Triacontaeteridis year.
the mark of the nominated and gives a new moon of Muharram, will make a 7. Schevval.
, however, the starting point is always the same day of the week, which of Muharram. So certain.
method. Fequente 2 3 again in October the same phase Constance.
tinopoli Council held Wednesday, July 18. In addition, the cycle of the sun; regular.
2 6. year adopted a new moon of Muharram was returned Wednesday. Therefore.
neomeniaSchevval on Wednesday. Sequentianno celebrated the third phase.
Btum, October 2. 1 on the first day, cyclo Sunday i9. charaóter 27 years to 5.
those who were with regular 3, abieéto feptenario, he returns it will make a first processing in the.
Muharram moon and Schevval. At last year 1 56o, lu.
Nij z 5, Tuesday, Sunday cycle and the first year of Hegira 967, is the same.
Passover was celebrated. The year was a period of 7 1 2 o. Regular unity. Cha.
Raeta year 7, two. Menfium the new moon of Muharram, and Scheer.
vval, the third day of the week. Nicholas Clbnardus, a knowledge of the language.
The steps and the restoration of the old, writes a letter from Africa.
Put, 1 year of the 54o, on Saturdays, and April 17 this year.
incurred, fuiffe phase Muhammedistae. Let us see whether quotient.
hegirae less fuerit5 whether the next phase, CAPITAL, an Minusc.
<Clum.Anni Christ past 1539. Dequibusdeduéta the stock 6 2 1,195 ,.
"Julian was still years 917 days 1 7 a. On behalf of the soil again.
This is mainly the smaller the years of the Arabic language Julian 94o ,. 91 2. When these things refpondet
3. Julian days are left v years, 17 days. Ij of the year are of higher degree.
Arabicistotidem on days 54 and 17 adds to resolve years of Ara.
bicos five days 2 24. To join the age of 94o, Day 3. Confer.
summa Arabian hegirae past years, 945 days.
z 2 7. Therefore the current year Hegira 946, which end in MUHA.
Ram Moon falls in May, the first cycle of the moon, and it was my phase.
nuscula. In addition, it was the sixth year of the tenth, periods of 9, O, of which the reality.
relatives; appofiticharaóteri 6 years of fextidecimi, they leave the condition will be.
BOYD cundam moon of Muharram, on 18 May. And Fane z 2 7 out of 365.
multiplied by 138 days that remain refpondet 18 May. Fertile again.
Muharram holiday appofita charm & waste Dulchagia gives neomc Thursday.
miae, mounts April, cyclo Sunday nine. Why XVII was the tenth of April.
MA Dulchagia, and hence the phase minusculum and feriafeptima. So FA.
Faith tie proved that our method. Arabian again in the Chronicle.
is read for the first time certamcn Muhammcdi fuiffe with the enemy lords, high who are.
legcm reiicicbant of the city of Mecca 5 Ramadhan 13, 6th..
 N o s e p h Ergo146 1 1 50 1 G E R i Sc'A
Neomcnia then starts its first day. And He began, therefore, that year is called a A.
Fridays 3.

Page 111


In eoanno contigitpugna it. Otherwise you can Arabicos years in the past.
means; 54 increase, and the number of Triacontaeterides flow, so vu.
twelve days are to be added, and the remaining also pcriodiœagnuêg85. Then.
Julian divide it by the accumulation of years and quadrantesannorum.
Arabic, Giuliano de íumma of days, or years to pull off.
An example is given for years that the absolute hegirae 989. 3 54 died.
bent to produce the 35oi O 6. Rurfus funtTriacontacterides; 2.qui.
vndecies duet on doing so; 52. Deindc fupcrfuntanni 29, where they are.
$ Μέgo% q from a life of ten years ôz regnuê32). The sum, the days of the matter.
eufla); He had 62 days of rest and prepare fummam MUHA B.
Ram Muhämcdico, 35 468.Rurfusijper 365 diuifa afford annosÆgy.
Magick; 959, 433. He who Anniina Julian reducendispariunt days to about them.
drante a day, day 2 39, hor.18. what day, neglcétis hours later, out of the 433 is taken from the.
And i leave Julian completed 9 years and 59 days 194.Adie & taRadice.
62 years Isdierum 19 5, made anniIuliania Christ, 1581, the day 24ab.
burst. Yes ergovltimü day of January in the year 989 Hegira defiuiffein 24 ,.
2 and 5 eiufdem month of January in effect at the start of Muharram of the year 99 Oh. ".
The verumest.Iam if visscire condition of Muharram 9 9 Oh, alters omnesfere.
ptenariosa summa 3 days 5o468.Remanent 6. To those may shave.
ce, Feria 6. 1 2. Regardless Abieéto feptenario, as always happens with meth.
I give holidays, it remains charaeter of Muharram, on 5, January 2 5 Annicia IC.
M. D. eighty 1 1. For that hacmethodoannorumHegiræabsolu.
torumMuhammedes Albateni Araétenfis hath commanded us to 5 only, but an.
6 Likewise, add, I do not understand, when certiffimumfit, primumdiem.
incurriffe to the Monday of the first of Muharram 6, and he in ancient times Altar of the day.
Wer all facram effects. Otherwise fimendumnóestin interualloTe.
hegirae rich and TERICH Iezdagird, ncmpedies 3655primus mcnfisHc.
He turned fueritnon of Muharram, but Dulchagia, almost 5, vtipfe wants, June 17.
But I think mendumeffe; 655, 62 for 3 and 5. For an Abdalla and for Al.
624. Nor is it to be doubted, however, has a 3 kabitij of the reality of leetio.
end. For Albumafar said Iezdagird been killed eleventh year Elhegiræ ,.
z 2 Rabie previous day, Tuesday. Oh z regular periods. There may D.
Characters x 1 year frankincense gives fair feptimi. Accordingly, the new Ra.
is here of the former, the third day of the week. And z, z Rabie is also On Tuesday, it took part.
The king was given Iezdagird & Pres. This is Atquc history and method.
the age of the Hegira, the whole of which a new moon cumcæperint a couple of days.
After mating, this is the third day of the union, they must be multumabipfo /.
absuiffe coupling vtriufque confirmation from the beginning, but, as inuenireturquæ.
Some praecifa method cxemptus One difficulty is about 79; Scrape.
Us fault em E N T E 1000 P O R T A 500 V 1000 Li p. II. I47.
!.
1.
.
;?.
A lis menfis: it comes about that in the ann9 For the 876, 864, they are thought only: Quodii.
anteatetigimus. Ouot.
 onc. Qugtigituran [TABVLATEIiARAaEFÉRIĘ.
if they toticu inquiry to pry INeovíviX§§§ÂÃÄÈ.
captiuity handing the new MO confisub.
• • • • In the burn medij.Atque even at 9 o an Cc111.
horaLunæ end of one movement MC | £ J * "" * *;:;! | [*****; | ;;!.
     <5 | And i. .
inanterioraenitetur by day, and when | J | J ;;;. 5TET§3S | T E.
Today Scptcmbris Julian V 1 | . [ETETÉ7] [Iteta | §..
In the year of 1594 have started from | 3 [* * 43 * | |; . Oh || 9 a.
• 4 || 3. L 264 1 6 3 6 ° i | 1 2 o.
year of Hegira ioo3: has not |; [JP * A | | Hi | ;.
the lines of the, but how many years there: Ara | 6 [5I4T936] [O farm | I §o.
  • • 2. 6.
B bici prætericrunt, so many and forty-four | , ###] J-i- £ §.
fail early minutes of the Moon] O [£ £ T7T, | | 7T7T $ | 3j.
cpocham moons before | '° a 1: 6, 1 2O || || 7. 9. 3 6o || 84o}.
  12 99 6 1 1 1 O Oe. 7.
came out of the hours: 1. #. It || , | J j £ £;} - 7th. ii.
Seeing Studiofi Muffulmano | 1; [7I8T588] [7.I6.I335 | ,.
Rum compose himself and board [?] ?,; 7. * T * ._ £ 7ao [i 68o.
 • • • 5 1 1 8 7 2 O O | 1 3.
16 16. Triacontactcridis Arabicœ Fe 3 O. 1956 | | 7. 2 3._36o ;;;;.
According to the motion, this [17] 4 1 5 853] [IET7ro | ,,,,.
\ _ I 1 648.
, that for three years and is highly prized 4; | * [** - * £ | [- * _ * | * 5 * •.
* 9 8 8 6 | 5. 2. 6. 3. 444 273 3 6 oh oh.
»876: there are 4, 8, [2o |; .I8TAE] [i.T, T7E | ,,.
864. Then the Hill & tarumTria | ** [7. ! 7. 3.
    22 | • • 9 5 1 1 2 IRadix Hegira.
ccontactcridum other tablets |, |; - £ ΓΕΠΤ; * - T-4 4 2 • 2.
weight. Both of which | 24 | 6. Ty.T33A] | o.
Tables by this method. vo] * 5 | £ - £ - 3 3] [*******: £ '* 16 9 6 1 1 1 3. £ d $].
1o know nouilunia of Muharram [j [Iteta | | H * I * ;;:.
IOO 3 years this year Chris | from 8 | 3. * 7 **.
STI 1 594, which Muharram fu | ** | * * * * 3]..
•. 5 © || 5. Q • 56o.
Praostendimus incurrerein Ti £ IH hundred years to grow fupr.
n ludaicum 53 5 5, which tifrum Her coffee. 1. 3 '. 33 ". 26 ''. Fertile.
A sub hibui calculation prutenicarum. So in recent years.
Characters shown above the 14oo. • Diei.i.hor aevius7 be alarming. Oh. 7.
3 3 9 O Table 4. At 6 years old. "4".
500 collcétorum accipc number of the nearest smaller than 1oo or 2.


Page 112

 where the io32 dcduéto, lu.
the least of these in their turn derive from the nearest 62. 15 much as 1, lu.
much as 12 years past expanfi. Now pull Characters years.
84o, 15o, 12. This is the 7, 9, 36o. 4, 1, 7 x o. 3,9, 792, and composer.
TI together made 7; 2, 792. After the root barrier, the character of the Hegira.
4, 7, 2. 2 stands moon tifrum 5, 3, 9o4, had yet to gods.
described before, one day, the heavier material fecutus of Muharram is made. But, if you want to argument.
Rum Arabian Agoíuiíæqù pcrfpicere this potesita. this annoChri.
•. N A. STI 1594 's e p h o 148 1 50 1 1 S C A G E R 1.
£ i September 1594. fyzygiae match neomeniaprima years Indies A.
169o. The effect was to epilogifmo Arabian Friday at 6 Seven.
bris. from the epilogifmoautem fuperioris table, to fiuc the Jews, the one who undertook this.
it should contact the Thursday, September fifth. But first Mu.
HARRIS Indian fell on Thursday 1, Kai. ipfis Julian, needed ci.
one day is more than equal terms with. So sing the effect rivaled period.
tet years indications Arabic: fiquidem both.
fexta to start the same day. Abie O & tis all the ZIO of the 169, but in reality.
remains fourteen years, of which 2 charaeter charaeter united with the first.
mæ Triacontaeteridis compofito give the Tuesday anniIndorum.
propofiti 169o, September 3. However, because the conjunction of the first MUHA.
It is a sabbath of Julian is fallen into the ram, this account is added to the unity. Then efTet B.
neomeniaanni 169o, in September of one day sooner than TIF.
n Jewish. Cauffa is that in years to Arab 169o, so many, ';; omit.
to serve the Chaldeans, concerning the reasons to the Moon, how many the years that are past. DUET joy.
1689 In the past years to be 12, 18 are made of an hour, 828. This is of almost 19.
hours. It is, therefore, almost all of one of the day in periods of Arab sacta Proemptofis.
on this side, from Kai. January in the Julian, from the proposition vfque day. 1 in 2 for 6o years.
That the Arabs have, for just one day, it becomes Agoíuiíioai ;. So, as I studiofio.
the thing Muhammedani, fiuc Muffulmanin also use a epilogifmis on which they were.
You have the Board propofita, so obviously extant MCO calendar.
Perfico: they are the first in the quomenfes the order of the twelve Pofi, but with the.
cpocha. For the first menfis charaeter 4, 1, 86. The remaining eleven C.
By adieétionem 1, 12,79 3. This is one fyzygiæ compofiti equal. Himself.
, secondly, by the order they are twenty years old: expanfi. But first charaeter is 1, 2 ,.
16o. Then the remaining 19 by adding 4, 8, 876, which is highly prized.
And three times a year, continue to grow. Third year high and TI are the order of 3, 8 ,.
2 4o increasing the charaeter twenty years arabic. But.
primianni charaeter of 5, 14, 586. So & menfes and push expanfi ,.
The root of the neck and TI have broken through. The utterly surprised is when.
one historical epoch, flue, as they call it, is the root, the fate of a hill, is done to anyone else-year-old.
& Tioniquantumuis giant. These things, I do not understand, in what sense.
many other things, the things that are in it, calendario.vt or to do anything that makes me wonder all ,.
by means of which they are digested in the Calcndario of the year fempcr mempc 19, ifque D.
numcrus years called \ & J., this cstperiodus LunarisSedanni.
they, whose character is the first, 5, 14, 586, and those who through adieétionem.
twenty years to grow, are also \% \. .quafi well xx.
year, which XIX desirable period of the moon. These things, I was seeking, and of a more inge.
mo ing inucstiganda leave. Calendar it is obtained.
<Ditiffimis charactcribus exaratum, so it does not save peritiffimos permit it.
', `Id e • • • ·
n.
5 * 500 N 500 E 1000 E 1000 E P O R T A T. V 1000 51 B. 2. 149.
!.
A. D.E. N o 50 100 100 4 500 5 1000 AE O R K A A A A 1 M.
IE B r ae o R v 1000, and Moficolarum summa & άλαχεςύς diuifio it.
among those who τωτοέα} δας δευτεςασις observe and cot that.
from them, alicnifunt. Chief d4regówk are known traditions.
Rum. Quj fanétiones teachers of the fequuntur, at their two kinds of.
diffufus extant in Egypt, in the numerofi the people: and they between beam of faith.
the worship of the gods, nor, neither our Faith, diuerfa, but is only a rite to take food.
How many and leetionem annual economy. Some of them are said.
Arabic G <\. J], flue Damascus, Syria. Another g ^^ ®, £ SJ.
Greeks. Also, each of the calls to the Hebrew distinguun.
appropriately. For Damascus ... 'syn ie, Ifraelites or Hebrues dicun.
appropriately. Also of the Gentile, however, E'Aa, Babylonij: La Ptolemee, who is from the ancient times.
Go back to Egypt are traduct and sub Philadelpho English only.
Greek began to read in synagogues, which are iuffu Ptolemœi wore.
turning them a few among them, for to such effect that in Hebrew is going on. that they do not weep.
, frankincense, and believe not, of those who would become a Jew, Philo, the excellent ipfiusmet, and wrote.
the party recognizes nesciffe in Hebrew. The Greek or ἐλλωςαι why dicans.
•, they can not ignore now that he knows them only New Testament.
read normal. Babylonij, however, are the given middle, which is desirable from the rest.
Their landed of them, whom, out of, Hebrew, Chaldee into his own country he brought the Efdra: tametfi ni.
100 hilominus Babylonienfes there is another, but the name of the Jews.
Rum flue Ifraelites prevents that radiation Hebrew leetionem.
They attention. Numbered the Syrians, ve called, that is, from Syria recently.
, after the fall of Jerusalem under Roman emperors was a inÆgy.
ptum fponte or force immigrated. A & blessed Apostles, not once.

Page 113

Both class distinction íßegioy% ^^ u $ s appeal. These.
The Jews are of red wine, the hatred of the capital, nor exercise any and prosecuted for fe, co.
One question to be settled is calculated year, even though the lesson price.
immanequantum the bus communication. It belongs to the genus of the Hebrews, who are.
Auerfàntur masters are known to be some of the law only ampleétuntur ,.
namely, the Samaritans, and others Besides the rest of the Bible, she was.
~ ºpp, that is, the name of the leetio are said to be in one, or the text of the Lord: therefore have exillis.
= P are said to another, that is LC & tionarij, Scripturarij, Textuarij, Vt.
the other who was with no less reverence for the writings of the Rabbis, quamLegem.
ipfas fequuti, diets are = YY, Rabbinistae teacher. Arab.
ce from each other so called ey}; JJJ) and G93: 39} However paucifunt.
IKarraim, in proportion to Rabbanijm, who were throughout the whole of Europe, diffufus.
equal. Those people, the Jews, although they are of red wine, however, the implacable hatred among the.
J Exercc, nor from one another to express the other and faltem alloquan.
 N 3, and may 5o * 1. '1 1 o s e p h i s c a 50 G E R 1' Z.
'';.
appropriately. Then there are the remains of the old istiKarraim Saddukæorum. Because A.
be no separation comes between, then, for both for trade with us, have nothing in common ha.
Rents, apart from text, Karrar are not new fruit with Jews.
see, the moons diuerfa Jews have had.
The Jews coupling lights, they Xao * 4dvéò, the new moon pillows.
Quareeorum neomeniæpuræ suppose Arabic ing menfiumnomini.
tantumcum Jews assembling the bus. He, therefore, they were Arabic neome.
Penychen holds, it tenet Karrar and moons, and the small moons.
Muharram, menfem Easter Karrar with a full moon monkDemophilus.
fiana confront one another. Why would teach them, this effet äetur deal with it.
Of these Karrar synagogue to this day in Constantinople..
Many others are in Palestine. • '.
De cycle TESSARESKAE DECATITARVM.
 E t t e 5 5 1 S S T O R 5 1 1000 1000 A S 1 and AE.
100 H R 1 R N A T 1 5 1000.
B.
1; Ecclefias as well as the beginnings of the apostles, as well as to part them, a hundred years,.
fequuti are then Easter is always celebrated the language that testan.
be Eufebius and Ecclefiastica an old story, and after all nice.
phorus Calixto. However, two Lending under the Jewish Passover celebration.
They did this, they are condemned to a hærefeos Vietore the bishop and others ,.
whom He Himself in the fynodum conuocauerat. And the difference of men.
lebratione twofold. Either you will experience the nature of the moon, or in the funeral rite. Ru C.
Moon also spent double the difference. Either the moon ,.
vfurpatæ three moons are far from flawless as in the year.
Greece difputauimus; either in the cmbolifmo. For either of the new moon.
'3' auod Oy, like ancient Athens or R3 '£% ovycza uόν quality.
the ancient Chaldean% or 10% ημα μ! woeidô are regarded as equal.
Arab. Embolifmi differ according to the nature of the head cycles: when he eats.
cycliannus the care of ordiuntur.vt of the Jews was, indeed, the first cycle of the alijaliunde.
In our mouse is tifrum third and fourth in the Nifanius. This means Christmas.
at some time find its way into the Jewish Paschal Ijar Stian menfis, that.
In that cycle 8 and 19. The Rite of τεαχapsoxad axatię delayed.
can sometimes erred only by the rite of the Europæorum: that the Lord's D. Europæi
R & ¥ $ doiuoy ala day of celebration cenferent, τεοπιρεςχαιδ \ xaii.
τω the 7ra% α ςωgßaiuoy x 1 1 1 1 Luna manner: Sometimes.
Full moon cycle 8, 19, as described above. But who is there, either.
cuiufmodi the cycle is raorapcoxoud Exari?), even me ta.
erty know that Eufebius and auetorem Ecclefiastica the history of the law.
surprised. "For those in this matter than all the simulated and through.
many of the exillis from the Iudaifmo ​​to the Christianifmum tranfiffent, it is not a trap.
Itlm above ,.
C.
/ ^.
500 E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. 2. i i.
£}.
A liqueur is merumIudaicum fuiffe their development cycle and the phase Alc.
xandrca Jews claimed usual. Further erroneous writes Temp.
genius, τςαταφέσιαβεκατί%; be accustomed to glory, it was discovered to have it from.
A tie and Pilate, Christ grown fuiffe VIII Kalend.Aprilis. the OPI.
nionis the bishop. But those who do might not he? When the new Nifanius.
1 incident on March 2, when z 5 Martijest 14. Nifanius. But the lasting ill.
1ohoc could not happen unless Cycle 1; And this for a year hagarena ,.
in years 19, 38, 57, period. But at the Jewish moon Russia.
they were rather slow, say, for the sake of aegoíuiíæov. Therefore, man could not acciderc.
But if Christ cycle 13 paffus effect only two years prædicaf ,.
pet, that is absurd, although it is believed that many fathers, Sec.
E writing. Eiufmodi more writings of trained PA.
trcm and other veteres, Praefertim Eufebius, which fanci with Delco.
U are legend. .
O e e T E R T A 500 100 1 500 K.
E T.
S A T E R E S E A T E R 1 500 500 e c e p a s c h A 50 1.
O R R E S celebrationc for Easter, also diffenfiones made of.
This was the Fountain in the Ecclesiæ the retina they are, not from the sun 's day is the fourteenth.
end branches are fed by diuerfis cycles of the moon. For the ,.
£ 100, which Oétaeteridem vfurparent of fyzygiis Philolai, which were vu.
detricenum dierumcum femiffe. , and the year, however, the moon, of some of them, the State established.


Page 114


minutes. Z huiufmodi annicommunes were 283 for eight days.
Then, there were the three Embolima mcnfes 7: axo6fiuge9i. The sum of the day.
Rum Oétaeteridis Pascal 29 2 2. OOTO years Julian and with whom.
Drante the same number of days. Praecifam Xaoxatd speakers here.
szaw possible. But these days there is no real solid O & taeteris moon.
ri: Estautem total Oétaeteris Cleostrati, as demonstrated supra.
it is. It is no wonder, if, because of the errors which have on the one side fequebantur ,.
fa well as faepiùs strife and turmoil fuborirentur. He mentions this.
Oh ID & taeteridis Ecclefiastica history, also Ephiphanius the audit.
us. But it is not better than the Teffarefdecaeteris, which signifies not only that for the.
ham and lawful adducitidem Ephiphanius, but Jews nonaliam.
In the lunar year will fequi how his methods. Ver.
BA about the Jews of this are: ποςτίάαι Β τ 'ἀλμαὐτὸ δόμω μ ;.
* N; agiaxooia; πεντήκον% τάοχegς ημάegς και άλλας xaT '£% abode force.
eyς όegς, ως άνάu EK 7 ia àm fiuíegy μίλω. Obviously understood.
git hours, twelve above $ fiusegº% W%. But it will be false.
  N 4 Vnani152. • 1 T o s e p h 1. S C A 50 1 GE RT *. $ *.
.
to accrue to only one day after the space of three years, when they would leave behind.
Three years diesduo, 18 hours, as 24 to 9 totum5aut much.
Rum 1. He adds: έό τωρ αυὰς τὰτε μύες τελᾶ) äμθάλμα ά ἐν σε.
xariosaey. Fourteen years in the cycle of the Jewish defines when.
At that distance, and aregxi) comes only four days, hor. • I6 io5i.
No, nor yet to be made of illaTeffarcfdccactcridc any præcifâ might well be so po.
rest.Quatuordecim Julian made the year 5113, a short 12 years moon.
the thing the same number of fimplices 4956. Differcntia dics 157.12. DC quibusintcr.
Cale vgiaxoifiusg9 menfes v. 7 days remaining. Dcindc it.
who was detained for four hours in a day constitute the quatuordccies, horas84uae vanishes away.
Ma On days 7; deducted leaves true difference Teffarefdecac.
veridis and false, day 4. Mark the way praecifa. However, and in Palestine, and B.
from the writings of the Jews & the Samaritans, so such an extent that between the verfatum Pa.
TCT, so it can learn from them, quifham homer of the year and for a civil state.
MA effect. But they are all part of neglect in the worship of the old scriptores this.
PA liberarenon poffis. .
AR 500 100 100 500 H E E E E A T E R 1 100 500 K.
1 h 50 P P P E N T 1 1 S c o P i
500 1 A E A T E R cf the first fuiffe institution, that in front of all the others.
OE Lunar, from those who are above the howls and Tim dcmonstraui.
the mouse, it can be seen. Dionyfius too Alexandria etiamC.
after the other, O, with the taeterida as follows: before the Passover, in which he shows xxii.
In due order, not poffe of March, in a letter, which he brought Domitius an account &.
IDidymum scripfit, Canon O & tacteridos fuse begin. In it, for example.
I Eufebius and xdvdyov êxrí $ e) dy% vmgé \ @ ότι μὰ ἀλλοτε ,.
$% G τω eiayylw ianusgido agoo fixd ZT and α ἐogτω ίπτελόν τιμ $ τίμ $ μ®.
Produced, for example, I think, vetustiffimum Canon, it τις πα.
£ ®rs and, if hdxo and τω αγίω 3 IIOO fiuiegy ago £ eiapj, imuegia ;.
Iεσαῖαν ἐπτελάσ% {p, x% ugeint 2. Corrected the year observer.
Oétaeteridis, which he made from the common embolimaeum, as a manifestation.
ostcndit holiday letter; xx 1 1 Do not make restitution before the Passover of March cclcbrare.
appropriately. An after this Dionyf whether the first period of his native D.
1 scripferit Phoenissae fifteen years, this is indeed divine. Id.
She knows one thing, this is nothing Hippolytus no.
attuliffe 5 vtaliquid reference to this matter in the embolifmis force, or ncomeniis in the.
nouauerit. But he saw in the two Oétaeteridibus some weekdays.
fairs effects, such as radiation xvil year started from Monday proximeantece.
her tooth, taken, from which the first year. Example. First begin.
on the first year of a mouse. Decimusfeptimusincipicta feriapro year.
!.
C.
X1II1C \.
500 out of 1000 E 1000 E N T E P O R T A 500 V 1000 50 1 B. 2. 153.
F ;.
{.
Axima with its premiss, that is to say on the Sabbath; After three tricefimus year.
$ j.
moved from Monday fexta: quadragcfimus the ninth, fifth, and so with or.
BEM until the fourteenth oétaeterides, which are the seven £ x.
Xaudi \ x £ m% \%. This period is also no sign that year.
grade started on the same day, from the first. What you can do anything.
Map & TA see a fubic canon. This way, if the head and kicked.
hi all horny is a period àxxoud exaetngxfi. For holiday vacations, ca.
pitis E 3, E, A, B, A, met the same fair and no border.
This was the reason, why do àxxoud exaemgida, rather than öx% JEgidius ,.
the embrace of the case. There would be a boy began to passe, that the place will be demonstrated that fuo.
it, and the drawbacks of this period declarabuntur ,.
AR 500 100 100 100 H E E E A T E R is H A N A S 100 50 1 St.
 A 50 1 P P P O N T E P 1 P 1 s c o.
the first year of the Emperor.
Alexander.
EM Boi. | . '.' T | G | F | 1,.
| "***" C. · 2.
13 1 E x S **;: ;;: G 3.
Embolism. | ';;;; | G | F _III.
1 1 1 1. A 50 K • C.
|.
5 I.
E | 500 | 100 | B.
BI 100 l BIA.
F | E [500] C.
E | 500 | 100 || B.
B: A | G | F
* ';;;; * | A || G | F | E [500 || G || B |.
ΈΒΕΕΤGTFIELDlCl B [clearance.
";;; *] DTGIBl A | G | F [ETVIII.
EMBOLTTIGIBIA [G] F | E diixit.
T | '; £ | G | F | E | 500 | G [B [Al. X
T.IFiiTlDICIBIAIGIFIEIXI.
EMBOETT | 100] B [a] G | F | E 500 [12.


Page 115


_ _ | √ | 500 | 100 | B | A [g] F | E [14.
£ || Ii. [100] B [a] G [f] [565.
] L * G iii angleFIE ID l 1 154 1 101 BIA's e p h o s c a 50 1 1 G e r i /.
500 E 100 N O P a s c 50 50 100 H A i
A 50 N 500 E x A 1 A n o r v M.
v 1000 v A N T is made at the beginning: in Ecclesia has been disturbed on account of Easter.
observation of the litigation culture, and the two know the history Ecclefia.
Stice read, and some of us shortly before delibauimus with.
dstendimus in this celebration diffenfum fuiffe duplicitcr in the day, and.
In menfe. On a day when Teffarescaedccatitæ every full moon, rcliq.
the Sunday after the full moon celebrate. The menfe ,.
When others at the full moon after the vernal aequinoétium, some plcnilu.
mo before Aequin and components. The things which we connected the diuerfitas from the embolifmis ,.
with other nations and this year, with embolimæus effet, whom every one else will I change.
end. Diuerfitas, however, embolifmorum was born from him, that which other Oétaeteri.
give ample Besides, some Teffarescædecaeteridas, some Heccædecac.
teridi. Some of the experienced Alexandria Ecclefiæ so disquieting and.
Ecclefia adjusted poffis crowd at the thought that, if the system & modusperiodo.
Lunar juice which has used the genus & Ecclefia changed. Yes.
which belonged to the ancient of the Greeks, and, therefore, of the Jews, epilogifmos con.
and fled præfertim day when Jews ĘNITÉHT £, | § £ ''.
A Christian Easter should find merit |||, ||.
for the celebration of any other sufficient to get at? :.
pofsc than that which is common among ipfos vfita A 4] 5 x 1.
ta there. How the Jews, to show off? g | .
ANGRY disciplines General Con $ 31 ;; '.
  I
1 i
stantinus letter to Ecclefias' had understood 9 9.
Concilij, a o said. ας ἀληός, σ% τά;:, U, S.
%% International éxeiy & Cuy £ V, ως deg zrap <Xtes oWj * 1 2 1 2 | x 5 1 1 1.
a. »_ •: •" 1 1 1 5 i
*) D) d) aoxaXia% φυλα {%% J Bayley Gex ipop ix: ;;.
vol. ScdIudæi straight Christianorumfupini;?] I., | ;?.
tie missiles, including those haetenus 1 7 1 7.
   .
8 x 1 1 1 1 i 8.
No extitiffet that the Jews, Sept 9 1 1 1 1 9.
DAEI, Syrians, hagarena, Samaritanis Greeks; Il, "l.
tritiffimam side of the course, the moon Xaoxo 2. 2 z 1.
q p. 2 3 | XT 1 1 2 3 2.
dτασιν x 1 x lulianis years to come. Not a 4 | V 1 2 4.
  . 2 2.
When the Ecclefias to Egypt, and;}] XV,,, l].
abolishing Oétaeteridibus, Heccædecae 2 7 1 1 1 1 2 7.
          .
2 8 2 8.
teridi and other awkward periods, Ennea z 9] x 1 i 2 9.
decactcrida built the first 3 O] x 1 x. | 3 a.
The year fell to 314 A & tiacae victory, cycloDionyfiano XIX cycle.
The XIII. Moon, Moon & thother concentrating on one whole day.
V i NeomeniahodiernaTifri 4o45 tranflatafuiffet the fecundâThoth.
For Adu. From this starting from the beginning of the Egyptians believe that the starting points.
The beginnings.
A.
B.
ID E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. 2. 1 5 5.
From the Empire, and Dioclctiani, and thereby make; vfque to this day wear Ecclefiæ well.
Of Egypt, which of Ethiopia in the epilogifmo of Easter, and for the sake of the cycle.
Thoth Diocletian. Ecclefiarum this system so everyone decided ,.
ipfas cycles might not only meet fimiles established, but also if and when.
controuerfia speak of formal of the Easter Vigil were to incur, on the subject to on Alexander.
drine Ecclefiam consulting the other touched. Rather care about.
nuncianda performed at Easter, was delegated to the Bishop.
Bishop of Alexandria by the Emperor, as stated by luculentiffime.
Ibede x 52 ch. is of the nature of the times. This cycle, most of them old.
remember: the letter but also, among others, Ambrofius LXXXIII, lib. X ,.
this effect: Ammo eighty on command t) iocletiami, since x 1 1 1 1.
p is about 1 x Kalcnd. Capriles, will celebrauimus Passhe Non. Kalcnd.
• "Prila. Alexandrimi to € $ Aegyptij, scenic IPSS ^ '/ rip / open, since begin.
dundance x 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 Luna x V Pharmuthi on the table, celebrated the PA.
fcham fifth day Pharmuthi menfis the ITC on Kal.Aprilis, and thus with.
restraints Mobi / him. This could happen, except year 37 3.
At the end of Easter was 2 and 4 March, the cycle of the moon is 1; , Version.
Sunday F, cyclo Sunday 18. Why is eighty mistake by the command.
IDiocletiani for Lxxxix item th day Pharmuthi for Pham.
Nuth. Why is correct and Christianiffimi's best.
Piace that all the Christians of Alexandria and a cycle of ten.
nouennalem establish and epaétas showed that in the first auTf.
c, secondly, by mense, that it is in Thoth, or Paophi, nouilunia for to shew the.
* Year of the moon is full and alternate duodecimmenfium cavity.
Rum is above the exceffus Sunday that it dies XI, who detraéti out.
menfe leave the epoch nouilunij XIX. Secondly exceffus year.
1. Twice x will be deducted from the rich to leave the epoch nouilunij.
VIII menfis. Third three times in 11 days, are greater menfe. Deducted.
menfe remaining 1 1 1 day exceffus that deduéti from the rich to leave.
breaking into the epoch of the new moon Matt menfis. So radiation process.
x 1 through growth and enrich and transmitted menfis orbit, where action is required.
These days ùzïëoX% ηλιακής They are $ taxToù attacks which.


Page 116


Geometric calls that vfurpatur Euclid Propof. X x 1 1 1 1 book.
Χ. Arabs call »laio: Eraxta), showing therefore, that as the moon Sa.
applying confequatur, Tadiiciendæ are: the additional quasi tell. This was not.
The original source of EPA and grapes, which Diocletian ancient.
There is, as yet today, some of them from Caefare together with an acute angle.
noSolari invented say. NC vfus them at the bottom of the CEB.
gus. By far it is the latter that supreme reality, than the cycle of the. But Fu $ & T;.
 1U1IYA.
: O s e p h 1 1 1 56 50 1 G s c a e r r.
Afterwards, he established another cycle both to the Greeks, who had nothing, nothing else is to be, than the reach of danger.
tells. It has devised a fail entirely, but AlexandrinumGræ.
side the public is from 1 x 51 Bede the nature of the season.
agreed. Accordingly, some of Ambrofio we know of radiation both to the Greeks, when, Ale.
conueniffe tells about the celebration of Easter, from the West.
ipfis discrepaffe in the cycle 8, and 19. On the West cycles.
said. Vfus epactorum & apotome here. Epaéta & TA is taken out.
the days of menfis, and the rest is said to be apotome, to which is added to the cycle of the.
For example, when lasts for only 4, Epaéta 1 to 4, which is deducted from.
3 O 16 days menfis leave a day mcnfis apotomcn, is attached.
1 2 1 Note gray. It is cumcyclus XT 1 1, Epaéta 3 O 7 out of time.
socerebellar leave apotomen z mcnfis Day 3: cuiapponitur XVII, the cycle B.
namely, of this year. Apotome the nouilunia observed in men.
FIS. It is in this through the whole year, and from then on in every brand by the order of the whole.
cycle. .
1) 100 50 E 100 N O N A S H A 100 50 100 1 100 1 500 O N E |.
A T S 1000 50 1 5 1 5 50 E R N A T 1 5 Marcus.
1 A 1000 Victoria v || with a kiss of expostulaffe.
Afian as any other phase would recognize him, beside 14 (.
Nifanius Jew with Ipfe Meanwhile, in no particular canonc to Paf |.
LET DOWN moons detected should use: fiquidem oétaeteri 100}.
of & heccædecaeteride remexplicabant, which confequebantur as him.
the name of the from the Teffarescædecatitis being laughed at for, purely by the Jews, who at the new moons.
vtebantur. Cyclumadmiferunt that after that, it meruseratIudai.
physician, and no one else is Teffarescædecatita 3 to $ 5.
Rum: of which the following is a copy fubiecimus. The art ee.
It was appropriate for everything, therefore, between the vtrofque, §5 ee | $.
except in cycle 8, and Alexandria, 19:; | ENB.
Rum. For when two fintEmbolimaei, in western Emb.] 3 19] Emb.
dentalium cycle and were common to all, such as table:;.
Alexandria is the fifth and eighth Occi * "* $: EMB.
dental 1 9 of Alexandria is fextufde Emb.] 8 5 D.
West control. Thus, of the West are the Italians,;? £ [being.
Hifpani and French Paschain Nifanius Jewish ce ° "°,,; | Being..
Hebrabant, Alexandria, a Greek and a 1 3 1 Q.
Ijar Jewish. Why Christ 3 years; O 3 49, Emb.]; ; ;; | Emb.
387, where he ran a cycle of Alexandria "| ; ? Clear..
Rum oótauus him in the years 341, 379, the 1 1 8 5.
cidcrunt a 19 year cycle ciufdém Alexandria ** '* 1 6.
Drina, 500 E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 51 B. 2. 15 ».
e.
£ ,.
[I.
F.
C.
From the Drina, the Latin phase in the Nifanius, Alexandria and the Greek Ijar to celebrate.
surprised. Victorious in the preamble to fuse great periods of writing, application.
if the 3% Yonarum AMartiiA to 1 1 1 1% \ Jonas caepriles, diebusf £ i.
Although nine, ob / eruandum cenfùerunt especially as the party responsible for.
day of the Moon is in her mata them and make them primimenß begins; the Lunar the tenth hour.
fourth / IFEROS /? xta prouenerit, temple, fùbsequens, that which, Moon.
The tenth / entrails, festiuitati Paßhali / îne deemed ambiguous. 3m w.
Likewise, on Saturday full moon happens to be with and / equen t) omimico.
The fifteenth moon is found, the same week tran / mass on high.
Rum Sunday, that is, the Moon vicefimum / ecundam side.
must be carried Pa / € has said they do not eiufáem temple, carrying it out.
B the mystery of the defiimarent, which / is? Xtamdecimam: there are no longer, than.
• viceßmam / £ cumdo Moon aliquamdo recovery, choosing rather mi.
Moon viceßmam fécumdam feast day Paßhalis extend purpose.
minicam Paßone the fourteenth Moon wise to begin.
guarta / aecimas Lumas on the table eiu / AEM from the fifteen day of wild boar.
Hum V / Mie the first sixteen AMaio aßerumt effects / eruandas. Ha & genus.
Victorin. Where you see the fourteenth obviously be plenilu.
two years because of a new moon day Easter Christians are Xao © go them.
Furthermore, many words are in Vietorinus, which is open to criticism, if the ad.
examination numbers.
ID E O P E R 1 500 100 IS P A S H A 50 B 1 5 T H E P III.
50 1, 100 1 50 Y R, L. 1, 5 1 100 1 N T O R 1, R 1 5 1 100 t o S ,.
500 1 O N N E S 1 1 5 1 10 1 G ,.
V em force from among Christians, Easter priscoritu aliquidfù.
periorc we touched on the head, however, it is here, it require that we deca reality.
more women. All phase of an early Christian.
whether or Lunar standoff, the only thing to κανονισμα vtentes ,.
of the Jews, and with that, they actually be following in the footsteps Mofis & infistere. However, Du.
eratdifferentia simple. The other is that some faster, some heavier material to other men.
Fès intercalabant. For afian, who was of John the Euangelistæ, and other heroes ,.
500 æquales same who have been steps fequebantur, mcro year.


Page 117

 Europæi, however, to the cycle of the fuum æquinoétium.
formed, and after the full moon phase æquinoétium cc.
lebrabant. This was the difference in the menfibus. The other difference was in the.
day, which other language in the fourteenth Nifanius, some after.
Moon fourteenth day of the Easter festival.
ìndiccbant. In fact, a third a kind of people, who, in private.
Habcrent and proper fashion. For the former, was persuaded.
  Oh Christum158 1 o s e p h s c a 50 1 1 G E R 1.
Christ grown VIII Kal.Aprilis. Gallicanæ Ecclcfiae, some cause or other; Tell A.
viii Kal.Aprilis we had been, say, the Passover cclcbrabant in it. Author Bcda.
deTemporum reason, cap.X 54. Hinccontentiones arising from a temp.
haetenus Ecclesiam raised ,. By virtue of the Bishop of Rome and Mouth ought to your ears vfque
until the closing process through the Nicene Fathers were to occur. These differences.
a third the first, that was in the embolifmis, so compofuerunt, so that the Passover.
Fourteenth applying it to determine what the next Aequin and components.
fequeretur that time is twenty deprehendebatur 1 March. The other.
difference, ie in the hatred, on account of which gapitalia Ecclefiarum fuccreuerant ,.
nevertheless fustulerunt, indiéta celebration ceremony for her at home.
His coat that was on the thirteenth day of Easter fequeretur. So two armies fublata of Acone.
feffor Nice, diuerfitas embolifmorum and diuerfitas said. For an B.
tea is not appropriate for the Ecclefias Oricntis and Western. Euro.
PAEIS zraza% aiagaaiu8 account held afian ταχα%%% av.
aiÜ8: The Christian ZD% α νομικὸν & ταχα I and D \ xixòv call. This one.
sort of human being that the name arose ojg oi; rioris; oxag aaTriy, that they were already doing.
said. However, neither immediately after the Nice fynodum diffenfio.
ends combined. Now, six hundred thousand cycles, and tacteridum Oh ,.
Published by all, is nothing other than the idle Teffareskaedecaeteridum.
knowing how authorities uncovered. The cycle of the moon things.
cpochas of a quarter of the tithe of the Paschal season; whom he bounds about the Pascal lamb.
les Computatores call. However, whenever equal terms at home.
His coat gained the most part Ecclefiarum ipfas fourth decimac.
zra thanks dócz $ zaiuoy celebrating the remainder were next Sunday.
I fequentes transferred. Thus, none of it was the end diffentiendi. Tau.
otherwise, this dispute does not give the central computer visum be composed poffe ,.
If you like the Easter term, such as holidays, a certain period, or CY E1; 5NÉÉyí f§ £ 1} A.
clus was established to turn om C Y R 1 50 50 i
the end of the suspension system and the terms Paf.
    The cycle, a cycle of the letter [Letters.
LET DOWN in the world again. Prime | √ | EEE. SSolem. [O. !.
of all things, which, indeed, that we may know, that it is:; 3 *; É.
Cyril of Alexandria is the purpose aggreffus 6 1 1 4 I. D.
driam Bishop, the advanced years, 7], 83 •; [I, p.
ninety five phase, which account; , | ; * 3 | 5.
_ •. • 2 2 2.
That éwçynxoy ταγ @ @ € Melda onto her 5 | A B 1 3 | F E.
adding that the festival of Easter system | F || ; * | :.
Ecclefiarum been made public in mind: whose? e;? | And, * * amp;.
      2. i 1
Rio is the beginning of the year confùrgebat 4 | C.
Of the Emperor Diocletian nonagefimofeptimo, of Christ;? || 3.
STI common 381 V whenheandSpuriusPostumius Syagrio. c. 9 1 500 C.
C.
TFIAnD Succeeding E N T E 1000 P O R T A 500 V 1000 51 B. 2. 1 59.
:.
A Fl. Annio Eucherio c o s s. When the year preceding cæpiffet diets.
The year of Diocletian. But again it was severe Gottlieb eiufdem VR.
, twice a bishop, published by the same number of years, but of the castigatiore, as to the power of.
sheds fumptu the beginning of the year 437, which was Diocletian.
1535 FI. Sigeuulte v. c Fl. Aetios V. c Mag. VTR. miht. c o s s. Bio.
nyfius μικg9 the surname of the Abbot; Cyril cæpiffe writes to its period.
From Diocletian in the year 153, so it would certainly be placed in it. But those.
note saying which is contrary to this in the gift of informers of the times a certain Chronologi.
to her, says the Monk, among whom Florence had Wigornienfis Theophi.
Heaven orfus period of his native Diocletian in 153 (x CVH) Christ.
38o, Cyril will be broken through the year 437. We are the best.
E Auetores, Dionyfio & Gennadio, opposite secure smoke more.
One vodka, as we have said, it began the period of the year 38o ,.
that is Diocletian's 155 (x CVH) Theophilus said one of her blunt.
liffe Theodofio elders. It is entirely appropriate to the year 38o.
This includes but is full of old masters perturbation produced. It is.
no. Theophilus, Bishop of Alexandria, he instituted a period of ma.
fight for five cycles: the name of it, and anxoy @ τάζετῆςίσα.
The epoch of the guidance of the very earliest days of his sinitio Diocletianea calls, of which a great rushing.
The year was Confulatus Aufonij period last term, 37 year 9.
In the 38o, which was first Theodofij fenioris, as well as private.
the mouse, the Paschal cycle, he entered into a fruitful pcriodus. Assuredly, the year 437, that is.
100 was quinquagefimus oétauus fertile periods, Cyril Alexander.
He instituted the foul The Bishop is to bear the other was the same age, with the addition of, v t.
Gottlieb made ceremonies. And so, Gennadius was Theophi.
John writes: Paßhalem also recurfùm; among whom% \ ICEM / Jn.
While, after five years of dealing im monaginta € $ 5 a day and time, and Lu.
MA suggestive / 2um state had found additional quibu / AAM fefiuitatis.


Page 118

 Since this is so.
most desirable no wonder why the Pope in a letter to Marcian Augustus.
writing this period, not 95, but only 1 oh oh fuiffe years. Whereupon be.
Rio calls it a hundred, a hundred fupputationem again.
LXXXIII, too, to Augusta, and he spoke thus to the Eudoxia In.epistola: Sancte.
Gottlieb memory for August Theodofius / enioremfçribens, Perc.
primopradiéfi years, as well as from the high Confùlatu plan the day tired ,.
the instruótionis / èptuagefimus fourth year now euoluitur charges.
vnicnt with / ale. Who would ever believe 9 5 years the effects ioo? Sigebertus.
this, too, auetorem fequutus, to be ridiculous ,. writes of this period,
See place. And not only vitiofà fane, but a ridiculous thing is to be, thus they were compelled.
dus. For 84 years, the cycle there are three terraces, about 95 or stripping.
end remanet cycle vndecimus, 12 Itaque Fianna cycle, from which.
• O 2. proximc16 o 1 1 o s e p h e r i s c a 50 1.
fcquitur bifextum nearly always adding eleven of the first Ana.
less first period, fertilizing, third, fourth or G. incipicta version.
nus, however, was the first to a fifth, a sixth, feptimum, oétauæ mark of respect from the letter on behalf of.
This is mainly fequente, namely from A. & fic forward, to have a blackboard.
fuperiori. You can be at risk in years to Christ. In the year of Christ 535 ,.
cyclusSolis XII, the letter G Sunday, Terminus, April 2, on se.
metals. This is a continuation years fequentes 63o, 7 5 2 82 O cycles.
Sunday z 3, 6, 17. But years fequentes 915 oIo 1, 1 Jn 5: 1 zoo, then.
on the first day, Sunday 28 cycles, 2, 2, 2, 5, rcliqua through you can try.
IHac Theophilus and Cyril hallucinations deprehenfà, Victorin.
{Victoria St. Bede and others) Aquitaine nations invited to.
Hilary Sardinian bishop of Rome has devised period fated element B.
Gantt, duet years in the cycle of the solar year lunar cycle, which made.
<53 2 every year, of which over the holidays and the Easter term as unfair.
Hum fuum run. That was wafted from him wisely: fane, fiquis.
affixæ effent to one day give new moon calendar, nor one day.
inanteriora for 3 years O4 eniterentur.Initium this great period.
From the first. Ianuraij year in which Christ conferred upon baptifmum ,.
He had thought that yourfcif, XT Tiberija, confülatu two twins.
Arum, cycloid Sunday and eleven, in a period of Moon were $ Star.
V4743. And that has continued for about vfque period of time.
from one side to play the role of fua appofitum Confuli things being equal, as we have seen in the peruetusta.
Cuiacij his great films, in capital letters, which capitalesvo 100 IC.
"Cant described later. But foediffimi errors, both the Confuli no.
on the hands, the fault of the copyists; and in the Easter term and at home.
crumbs refurreótionis neglect to its Victorini. Nor is better.
codex, which in the hands of us, habemus. In either code name of virtue.
And Orin, force and orij place. These errors are both the Paschal season.
ITerminorum than ά xVe / zxóv ajxsaoiu »hand applied force.
And the head of the bishop for that period will compile a list of scripfit arms.
<5 5o Christ, who was ninth after Confulatum Bafilij younger. This.
we collect from Vietore to its terms. , we are told, Paßhalis.
fòlemnitas the most revered curve passing through ammipræ.
fentis Indiétionem tertiamdecimam a Mobi / olicite being investigated, and 5D] \.
According to Father venerable So oétauo day AMaio.
£ undoubtedly keep the matter to say the Lord's: none.
all reasonable ViFa is our reffonfio, what virtue and are fond.
dam in the circle of the Pa / € hall, which he published, in one way, the day of the Lord's refùrreéîio.
mis affixerit Although O humc deßgnauerit, which will be celebrated equally.
confess. After: $ ed munc say, the order requires that gyclorum you.
Victoria produced was clearly reveal errors, while the harvest legitimate.
diemD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. 2. 161.
A day limit Pa / LET DOWN: that when you break the law in the past / us that modofue.
(;.
).
f.
cit wrong »im before / 40 future ones, and he lacks the authority and cc.
Casson thinks perfùafionis gotten. Yes, they have, therefore, they could not.
together, but in the year of Christ 5 5 Oh, that is so indiétione third.
The tenth phase aja3aoiuo »belong to the twenty-April. Then write.
pfit after lustiniani time, and even after Dionyf μικο9). Mt.
Rum, therefore, why Dionyfij makes no mention, if Dionyf.
Victorin, fine period Viétorij changed. So the winner.
niana, fine virtue and torianorum period is interrupted by Dionyfio not for.
ium in the Easter term and within refurreétionis, but also.
in the head, which is indeed not made by baptifmo, as Victorin, fed from the first.
B Easter quartadccima deduced menfe in March. And so, that sentence.
growth together Victorin, the director of the Dionyfius, those who in this at intervals.
legislation of the worth of it kindled a fire, and his dignity and to him, commcndatione.
fua quæfiuit: among that posterity, so that you might not be Viétoriniana from the growth together.
in reality, but of the Dionyfiana from the recenfitore be said to have deserved to be. However, late in the EC.
clefiis France place had not yet Vietorinus previous statement.
firms, they still retained, as is evident from the Gregory Turonenfis, Aimoino mo.


Page 119

 So I do not know whether to Vietore them.
cycle of the ethélousin Viétorij, on behalf of Victorin. I know that now.
& Torinum, now Victoria is not one of Victoria. Viet.
For Vietorinus amended, so that we now see. Scripfit the cy.
"Dum fuum 100 5 2 6 Dionyfius year as ipfemet testified this spring.
twice: the Prafentis of the year to show an example. Since a quarter of the labor force.
€ 5 Moon gyclus vndecimus and fourth decemmouennalis / lecï.
And for the sixth JHemdecadis ammus, it aussimus' ιμον be necessary.
From the fifteenth day of the moon past holiday, V / Mie the fourteenth.
praefentia, how many days the Funt, is more diligently to inquire out, 65 we shall find a pro.
culdubio, when P / Cha ought to celebrate. Trans / acfo year by the Indians.
And making a third, Pa / éhæ fourteenth moon, stereo on the Ka.
Lender April, that is vicefimaquarta on menfis AMartiiA, was ,.
Who can doubt? In the year of Christ quingentefimo vicefimo fexto.
Victorine recenfebat Dionyfius cycle, starting a cycle of fuum.
ID of that last year, namely between quingentefimo tricefimo ongoing.
Add the pre-eminent years of unity, the rest of the match IX.
do not lie, that the first year of the cycle has been rich Alexandrinos, CST.
that with the new moon falls on March 2 2 a day. When we read.
fla admiferit Christmas in a V xx December, Dionyfius for instance.
incidiffe shipped his birthday each year, of which XX 1 1 March had.
The new moons, and therefore fuiffe first cycle. And so, fequens March ,.
as of the first year of the current habuitcyclum brimming.
Q. 3. De quo16 o s e p h * 1 1 1 50 S C A G E R 1.

The fate since then the fuo. So the big jeater E R cv IVM A.
A 1000 B 1 π n o r 5 M.
The cycle is agreed enneadecaeteridibus XXVIII, the Easter cycle.
or the cycles of the sun xix: Enneadecaeteris But in the day Dionyfiano.
5 bus 693, and four further dicbus places 2 ,, t.
four bifextis INTERCALARY. For 18 hours in the T E R MINI.
Paschal.
|! Appendages of three-fourths of the day for casting.
released at the end of the cycle, the Greek word UZ: 0.
μ'ω σελήνης, our Computatores Faltum LU IV. _ April.
     2 | xx v. Martij.
son. Otherwise, without such fuccifione effect, the 3 [13 April.
Peffer was going in twenty March last cycle, from which 4 [i. Aprilis_ |.
rather it should begin the cycle. Terms epo M * "x., April B.
chas attempt at in the tile between us, which soon the Moon 7 | 30. Martijs.
Nicenæ times a day from fynodi bi * # 8..
 •: 9 | 5 1. April 1,.
and two of his enemies by Christ, which | , | I? ";;;;;;;.
1 2 | 1 1 1 1. April.
nostril, another Easter activity. To metho ------.
1 3 | x x x 1 1 1 i March.
While the lunar cycle tartar Dionyfiano conue | | 4 | xTTAprilis.
nor senses, there are three things to take away from the cycle of the Easter Season. 1 S [KTAPIISI.
Accordingly, the year 526, the cycle was Pascal | : | *** * ';' '' '.
The fourteenth lunar vndecimus. manife | , C [aiiiir.
as soon as it is, as a period of Cyril éyanxoy% | 1 9l * 7. April ,.
zrey% £ T2 / x) defines, then Dionyfianam start.
Êygmxoy% orgy in the first year of εmeJG%) Cyrillic year Christic 1 ,.
437. It is the fifth nonagefimus 5; 2 Christ. It is also no.
net yourfcif Dionyfius: This I warn thee, saith he, that gydus ifie nonagin.
ta and five-year-old, which we have wrought, but not wholly trusting in a miracle Ipfa be returned.
advisedly. So, after the completion of five momaginta animorum, for mom.
The fifth gytlum sancti gyrilli who started cycles / 2os the year centg%.
mo quinquagefimo the third time, Diocletiami, of which the fifth gyclum my destiny ^.
/ Ario we praepofùimus, / ed to our first cycle, which we are.
quadragefimam lead in the eighth eiu% mo / applying 7Diocletiami in.
we took reader adcurrat. He continued the entire period.
1 O 63 for the year, as the Bede. Bede yourfcif from here to the year 1596.
But ineptiffimum three periods continue, with one fufficiat, J D.
Indeed in one of the holidays and the Easter term returns. However.
yourfcif Dionyfius that nothing other than Victorian period of record.
said, should not be immune from harm reprehenfione granted to him the all things, indeed, by himself, at the.
Here, in these words, which we cited supra, the year 52 in.
diétione the third, the limit, in the Paschal incidiffe twenty-four of March, the with the.
effet, however, in the xxm. For the ninth month of February with.
vcrc he has had the fifteenth day before the Kalends; & Viccfima quarter, with the force.
  cefima.
yourfcif Dionyfius indicates when another cycle Lu 1 1 | XVITÄ5filisD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. 2. 163.
A third cefima. Nor do I think that the error of the copyists had been. And even more.
and such major sins that are important to him. Behold, in the first cycle of his.
Christ has a mouse year, so it should limit the Paschal v A.
Prilis: from the region of the Sunday, however, the letter E; This is the cycle Sa.
Us v 1 1 I. And at that time the first year of the lunar cycle testify.
but nine Solari; fertilizing, the first year of Christ popular ,.
It was appropriate for the time, O & So was not that she Dionyf. Again.
 fus first year of fruitful period of 5 3 2 Christ. Correctly noted.
The border on April V, and also RC & B version of the Sunday you. why not.


Page 120


pit method of gray. In fact, it can be, for all the effects in two brass was his first year.
E as the first cycle of the moon than the sun. In the first Nabonaffaricy.
clus moon XT. Therefore, he who is in the reason of the Passover quintufdeci.
mouse in the years Nabonaffari is the first. The enimdi.
caturprimus cycle of the moon, the first effect may be more than the principal.
In principle effects in animals. In the beginning of the circle $ ae not.
4Jae. But since the first enneadecaeteris Christian starts from the beginning Bio.
clctiani because it is the year of the first cycle of Christian. The muscle.
countries in the computation of years of Christ elsewhere fufius that.
appropriately. For poorly contributing to the descendants of the Christian quiprimusorhi.
Christ ends one year of age thereof mutilauit. This long period, that from.
Christmas starts, for a period of some years vol.
V. 100 final state. The Ethiopians years, thanks. Then, like I said, we do so.
10. CHARLES times in France was not the case, cyclo Victorian.
Marcus affinity with the French ecclefiarum see.
% F.
, 500 E M A S O 50 50 100 100 N O N A L S 100 H A 50
R at the race of men, to whom the name of the impofitum no, I remember ;.
/ '] Only eorummethodum which vtcbantur the cyclofuoPaschali ,.
Monks and nuns are the biggest ἐπ ^ ωσιν έπεῖαπλωσιν that vnover.
be able to tell \ ^ xctae ®oiv or to \ ^ xozz ασιασμόν. For the first time.
something Fexiis, deindeidemquinquies to multiply, or to divide it, so much.
Dtundem, and was once vndccies to do this. Ijigitur men vtait MA.
g described before, the first year fuum Lunarca above the 354 day five.
minutes of release considered. After many days of Kai. Jan.
they are thought, adterminos Paschal Eufebianum, that is, to the period of limitation.
in all the ecclesias which is received, the chronicles of the so many kinds of objections to them. .
Twas years each cycle vndenam the charge. Finally a.
a mass of eleven days, minutes and days of Kai.
Ianuarijcollcctorum, abiectisomnibustriccnariis, the rest of the proter.
 Oh 4 ImlnQ.
¥ 64 1 o s e p h i s e r i e A i G 50.
Paschal major target. This means once the moon CXI A.
fat; sometimes XV and XVI. But if abieétis O 3, the rest efsct.
sixteen moon, and the second strike occurred τέχα αὐαγάσιμον the front.
retired manner, which was the first day. In fact,, Because we fi 16.
The moon will make its way into the second, X 1 1 1 1 1 1 V fell into scquens.
So, what is the first day, licctper Canon Credo phase diílaj.
¢ È ¢ agreements. The biggest reason, but criticized Monk.
Because what we have is the x 1 1 1 1 Moon, for some of them it cpilogifmus.
I give XV, XVI, also sometimes used to make. Why fecun with the fair.
Give fell in XVI, who has been XIII 1, as far as the other side.
Canon can not trust, which forbids awjuiioov, also 10% ngoju.
zîaoiy celebrating Easter at the moon. Much of this genc B.
a matter of men Difputat same Maximus, & quidemita obscure and intros.
Cate, hardly a Doctor yourselves and the [T. 1.
 .
  5, 1'5] EPA stance £ | ._ IDi Terms CY £ land.
poffit understood. We facilitation and IG | # * • {l ', i, t ;, it $.
   33 33 house. § 5 nuarij. cycle force.
will attempt to explain in more detail, if [OA [53] [**] ** t "|| _.
prior to the first cycle of them, even of a great eagle | | | | - ;;;] - £ | - # *, * 5 | 2 2 2 | Oh i 1 1
pcriodi tabella propofucri | £ |, | J, E -e].
mouse. Verfu in the first pe | 7 | 4 | I44, e | 1 89 [II 4] B.
fùimusfilum cycle Paßhalis Dio | 1.] -:;:;} - £ | *; °.
nyfiani, fine Eufebiani in fecun | ., | , | T77Γ35 | T83] Τ§ | E
I give this cycle of these people | '' | $ | 43 | 35 1 | i5] P.

  9 9quibüs not be made anti |, |? | ;? £] -; -; 100, C.
"Our past, only those vocansáa | i 4 i 1 [1] 55] II33 | T3] G.
πάας ἀπρ@ά%.Tertius VCR | * | * |; iiHj £ |, - £ | * 1 6] 1 3 1 _ * * * | 2 | _ ° 5 ° 1.
bus contains the hill and down from So | ||; [14] 15 5] ° | _99 [li5 EP.
the lawsuit beak above the moon exceffus, of whom I | * '}] - 3 E | _ £ legible #.
ID & T i S 1 19] 16 | 77 _ 1 O | I O7 1 61 A.
epacts some years called Solaris 1, 17 || 8 8 x 5] _95 | ti5] g f.
Can that really are. Quarter 2 18 | I 99 [3e | _33 | t | E
difficulties gathered together and were told 31 19 1 of 1 O O 3 5 1 3 1 5 'D.
mouse-five years lunar attributed, above the 354- day of the fifth continent.
be a day of the IVth. January to Easter term vfitatum high and i.
Sextuscompleétiturterminos Easter that cycliSeptimus grade.
So cyclifui cycle Solis.In years, 1,2,3,4,18, fourteenth col D.
Higu from the reasonings of you have been. In these years, only on terminovfi.
Tato convenient for them: in the rest of the veroannis of the cycle, not at all. For the sixteen ,.
Moon pick 16 to 14, with the other XT. Their first annuscon.
gruit with the fourth cycle Dionyfiani. Now let us examine, then, an example from the.
1 year period of fifteen great, that is, when sixteen year moon.
And Sunday factors, which happens once in 53 years, z. This year XVI.
He is 19 Dionyfiani cycle. April 17, Easter term. Put.
effed e E E N 500 1000 1000 P o R v 1000 51 A T. B. T H 2, i-6;.
....
A second strike effects, so it really is, their fertile period MA.
fight. Ecclesiæ, which is of the decree of the Fathers of the Passover celebrauerint, solen.


Page 121


This is xx 1 1 1 April. What has she to do this, see to that. The vndecies fč.
Twelve gathers 177 days. A kalendas. January to April 17 ,.
"Summa days gathered together io7. The sum in the order of 284. Rurfus.
How many days are considered the first day. Jan. to 17 April as many minutes here.
I. 127. The sum of scruples equals two, that the days were, scruples is. 7. The gist.
, then, of all the 286 days', neglectus Refiduo the seven minutes. DL
uifi a 3 1 6 O, leaving the Moon, on fertile soil. For it is already clear.
effects make fruitful. Why is the Sunday before 15, in which ri.
Ε allowed to celebrate Easter since fcquitur x 1 V, she brings.
exhoc epilogifmo falls on the Sabbath '. This is their method. But.
pure stupid. In fact, the moon from the reasonings of the gift, than for that 16 col.
Ligure, it is the 14 Dionyfiana. I suppose confequenter than 5 to 1 ,.
1 to 3. The term vfitatum frozen to celebrate the Passover. That ft.
16 to Sunday, then transfer to a Sunday fequentes examples.
Passover is celebrated z 3 Moon productive cot. That is absurd.
As far as the first day and ordered the canon of the Nicenus vicefimum feptimanae.
advancement. Beyond is not allowed. Equal to, as you see, even outside z 2 extend.
But since these are ózrißaaik comes to pass, they do not sin in the Canon of the Credo.
of them takes place in the cycle as often as these things tranflatio CNAME, takes place in the Dionyfiano &.
4..
the total radiation 14 when it comes to the moon, what happens moon in 16 years cy.
CLI was 16. But he added ùzrsgßασεως 7 days, reaching 2 to 4.
"April, in which all ecclefiarum right is the celebration of Easter aizgdaiuor ,.
Why this does not offend against the Nicene canon. but in so far.
April 24 to 23 at their menfis Easter time pcccati in Ca.
nones care of. It is absurd, because the Moon 2 3 14 vfque day seventh.
Manæ, when it is made only to the 21 most important extenfio a moon.
Wherefore, just as in the previous example, celebrating a παχα αίαςaa.
μον the Jewish commit Nice τύποςμ of the law.
Zur manner, in this example, spreading feptimanam 2; v £.
Moon que, sin against the laws of the cycle was τίί τωρεκρατὰ, though.
"Solennitatis 500 engage the culture with the rest ecclefiarum. In 4o 3.
Theophilus next great period of 2 to 4 March in Moon, 14, au.
guilty in number: the letter D. Therefore, Easter Sunday legislation.
on 29 March. But Innocent Bishop of Rome same moon.
x v 1 cenfebat effect, idcoque phase in due poffe z 2 March.
You see where it fecutus fuiffe this funny Adam ^ gov xgj earth.
z ^ wow, a, a method, or proximate to that and it seems that fecit.
On Lco Pope scribcns to Julian, who co nominc RC.
prchcndi; ... o s e p h 1 1 66 50 1 1 S C A G E R L
•.
hold Theophilus 7 6 years in the fertility cycle was great, A.
Christ which was 455 in the Easter term pofuerit on April 17 ,.
4. For the celebration of Easter Sunday refurreétionis in 2 debuiffe.
the same day that pofuit limit. Cenfuit fuiffe, then it does not.
tamdecimam the moon; they did not keep the fourteenth. It then nescio.
following the example of the method, namely this, what fuiffe. This clearly and briefly.
we are explained and illustrated by Table cycle, the biggest.
implicatiffime reports in his book fue who have not yet brought to birth. And how.
than that of those people's silly they had good reason, however, for the sake of the ancients.
there was not a guarantee to be omitted.
 • ON P E R 1 ο ο P H 500 O 50 50 1 A 1 B.
P O R E Y T H A G i
V AE Philolaus the Pythagorean been a great period possible.
Cenforinus words: There is Philolai 'Pythagorean 47272ZZS € 10.
animis fifty move the / unt menfes intercalaresviginti.
€ 5 English. Philolaus, then,, and are all equal, and they thought fit to menfem.
Effects only vndetriginta days with a femiffe Of the Moon, by what means.
Christian & menfes care of some later-day Easter eiufmodi fails.
nierunt. This means two days of Lunar menfes 59 præcifè.
Philolaus devised a period of three years, this is the time.
2 1 5o 5 hours, 12 which are fyzygiæ 729, out of which 21 interea C.
irthermore. For pofita menfis the moon, of the quantity of the chronicles of the 29, with the fč.
miffum year orbit for 54 days 3 præcife. multiplied; 54.
59, produced by the dies 2 o886. 21. Many are intercalation.
multiplied 29 days, 12 hours and once vicefies. There are 619 days, or hours.
12. What quantity with 2 o886 finishes fummam first propofitum.
2 days 1 5o 5, Hor. 1 2. This year paetre Solaris Philolai for the day.
rum; 64. We experience true if 21 5o £ 5 a day for 59 years.
PARTIATUR. Quantity produced for 364 years - that was propofitum.
This deficit epilogifmus from the true fyzygiis embolifmis 1 & 2 days.
2 2 hours Oh, 793. For the 21 5o5; dumt are the lunar day.
Nat 6o Arabic, menfes 8, Day 7: Julian 58 years, however, the 3 2 5 D.
 The solar year definiuiffe 3 days and Fane Philolaum 64.
The witness Cenforinus out of the way anniSolaris doing so in writing.
bit: This time the days, a longer it would be, for a specific, not yet Aßrologi have found you.
the matter could not. Philolaus ammum maturalem have reported that three hundred days.
TOS / 5 exaginta four and a half. Meet the constant argument.
Our brigandage.

Page 122


Some time præcifum cam once considered to effect movement of the sun ,.
or by another.
500 out of 1000 E 1000 E N T E P O R T A 500 V 1000 50 1 B. 2. 16 ;.

A or any of the other fiderum Xaoxolicaau. For if he agreed menfis moon.
the effect 29 days'; "It considered reasonable effect Xaoxoil: isaaiv ,.
fyzygiis Compofita that broke out last abeffeta; 65 days only.
wounds. There is no doubt the reason for this period is to be entered into by us, recte.
cffet. Philolai vitamhabes with Diogenem Laertium. About this PE.
Rio Plutarch realized in actions Philofophorum: τῶν σε μάχαι.
Loy & yiov ol μὰρ ἐν τί are δx%) $ n <*), oi d & ri êmsaάςκαετη21%) of de.
EW% ίς ἐάκον (α ύός deeore. vndcfexaginta For a period of years.
this Philolai. .
500 E 1000 N 500 E 1000 N A L N A T I O 100 R 1
In the books of Democritus T E R Abderitis Diogenes the work.
^ Whose title made auetor, μόγως άγιω1} ς, if cise9ogi, IIapd7m.
yμα. What manner of man he was, however, & how great a man, and the year, teaches that Cenforinus :.
O is the Pythagorean Philolai ammus fifty years of change. Soon:.
The T) emocriti from animis eighty two, with two reprises desirable.
detriginta. Democritus the fine in any doubt existimauit year.
3 55 Of the Moon the chronicles of the effect, as there are many other of the ancients, so that out of them.
fententia also, one on fyzygia is made of days, 29 hours, by i4.vel, what is the same.
the minutes of release 3 5. Another of the ancient Rome.
military reports. So she was just a year Democritus Julian ,.
:.
may be equal among the Gentiles, I at the time, and also that the Roman cenfebatur, on the day.
Rum is 365. He dies 8z increased by 299 5o are made with.
12. And fyzygiæ hours traxov% με € 9 * 28. This is 84o dies, DC.
299 5o deduéti leave 29II. Through 8. 3 diuifa give 55 days.
praecifè. However, those 2 hours, 1 excelled and had ignored Democritus :.
Quod si we had been thirty-intercalation, which is the natural from the caufa so many.
fpatia years, suitable for carrying out the moon, the lunar year Ministry.
a mere criti- between the Arabian, fane, or very near to Arabicofuiffet.Nam »99 5o.
1 to 2 hours a day are made of solid 84 years Arabic fyzygiæ 6. Day 6 :.
scrup.48. Nonlonge epilogifmus to be away from the truth he may be. And Fane Ministry.
Democritus was a man of so great, so that even in matters which are each deceived, ingenijtamen his.
THE size ages. So far, as in this outstanding innovation ,.
which veteres fuperauit, it does not have the same force iudicijadmirari us to interfere.
This is much better than Philolai periods which nequest.
the litigation, in harmony with the reasons for, nor of the moon? However year.
This Democritus of two books: The first, as we know from Laer.
tion was μάγας άιωτός Saut d 29ouih in which that account.
the bus astronomical demonstration mode that periods ,.
How μάχω and / ta / lw onto book in the other description contained.
- j s e p h o stellarum168 1 1 1 50 S C A G E R 1.
DZ stcllarum a, y%, while the east, West, and the signals A.
properties that ἀπγμα be above the warning O & tacteride godlike.
Earthlings. And Fane twin Pliny, and some other annotantcs ex DC.
mocrito to the ἐπισημασίας έ Φωοέω, not out of another book, then by the.
@ 8% v τάγμαός Δημοκςί depromferunt.
A big O N 500 E O P O O en 1 500 AE.
A 1 1 100. O A S T R O N O M. I.
N Colleétaneis Stobæi Phyficis, which Bibliothcca clariffimi men.
SAMBUCI proceeding, the head of the season, this confarcinata part.
From Plutarch a $> ge / wóloy% ίς φιλοσόφοις Legum. τόνδμάγαδιω B.
τὸ ol μάρὰ τὸ δκαετηςό τί%), oi oi δὰ τὰ ἐπεσκαιδεκαετηςόν δ έν ἀ ;.
τετgaz aoiok átaoiy o ^ ό ό%%% Xoy, ÈV οίς ούοπίδης Κ λυθαγόegς. This.
, mutilated and in Plutarch, Legum: of which the part of the beak above, I have brought.
mouse, in period Philolai. But it is a false ánxoy% £ Tgida fuiffe.
6o years of solid, but they turn 59. fexagefimo plans.
the other period. Olympiad four years and how it is constant.
gods & TA zra £ 2 MPI ;. But no doubt read in effect, ol d e e * x% 3% &.
ävög d% εσιν, ἐν ἀ. For ἐγός, && dì; they are almost similar. Obviously PC.
Rio de Pythagorae attributes to man, than the books of Philolaus the Pythagoreifuiffe your deeds.
forth. At the age of 59 OENOPIDES Chins attribuitfuae period ,.
but not to the nature of the same. Defines, for the Year of the chronicles of the solar system 365, C.
When the twenty-two days vndcfexagefima. Vndefexagin.
ta the agreed period of years Oenopides, and those Philolai. And so.
fexagies 3 6 5 dice, made of 1 5; 5. Add 2 2. a combination of days.
6 O thou who are the years of the Arabic language all the 21557. fyzygiae Jn. Itaquc in it.
When phase angles fyzygiæ 7; Oh, INTERCALARY twice vicefies. Money.
rinus Francisco Pithcei: Philolaus the natural haberepro year.
édidit fexaginta four hundred and 5 halved. Aphrodos / US TRE.
hundred fexaginta ggque, Oh Lord, the eighth part of the day, as Callippus, however,.
100 * C Ixiiii and Aristarchus of Samos tamtumdem, G5 also match of the day.
tem, a thousand 500 Cxxiii. J / Eton is c c size, and five days vin.
deuicefimam direction. oemopides c c size, odierit two ôviginti D.
vndefexaggßmam direction. From these words Cenforini quantity.
anniSolaris investigated productive OENOPIDES ciufdem OENOPIDES PC.
Rio opens. And so, and the year of the Sun, has been rich in OENOPIDES, in addition to.


Page 123

 This period is the larger 59.
Julian years, those z hor. 6. The composition of this aelianum lib. x roixiA * ;. side.
not only writes this period of fifty-nine years old.
fuiffe, but also Olympic sports publicc the Board propofitum. Dio.
 AIO ;, in.
Λ.
UD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 51 B. 2. 169.
l.
A δ \ s, I say, Xi © d @ £ e9λόγ aj3mxev O vuaiok% χαλκόν γραμμα.
τάον, ἐχegyas & Dut, tlu ^ dye9λογίω ἀ ἀός όμάτων άκο ἐγ% and 4%.
gag row μάγὰν άτου άνω%. During Dyey ^ oyia clearly understands%.
4αινόμ $ μæ ,, $ jSgyga%, as of the year Democritus said.
500 E 100 N o 100 50 50 5 1 5 E R N A T E R 5 M.
Sa x o n v M.
E T E R vM of the Gauls, the Germans, and a year Of the Moon.
fuiffe Caefare and from the heart. Hushed up. DC Germans.
So scripfit Agricola assemble, niss any chance 6 / 2bit incident.
"B surprised either, either at the moon, or infected. For °.
aufficatisfimum season for the transaction of business. That Germain.
not to fight with the decrease in the moon, and Auetore Jul. Frontino lib. 2. But.
The arrangement of the Saxons, and Danes, the years of the ancients, it was of an affeet wonderful.
the bus of the Ocean, the shores of which the accolebant to him. Notiffimum to his protection.
increases and decreases in the Ocean changes beginning. . But in.
Both moons are made Aequin and hold the two large z Muuvgou ,.
a denial of which the observance of the year of the fuum digeffit. Ae ^ nuuvegg them.
greater Malinas; The ordinary people Ledunas or liduna City.
No nation, which, although they should use lunar year, however, and Sa.
100 [MTETNTSTETSMTEINISTESTVETETRVM.
100 S P O R R 1 5 1000 S Ax o n v M.
Danes.
Fißhemaamet's esteem ETERITHalegmonath.
seemaanet CTO O B E R IWinyrfullith.T.
sladimaanet n o v e B e R. 1000 | Blothmomath. I
[Chrifmaanet DECTETMEIER.TlGiulitprior.
[Glugmaanet IANVARIVS s.TlGiuli later.
3lüdemaanet MAY A v A n v s. Isolmonath.
JooFmaanetT | mtata Ti V s. Tethmonafh.TT.
Taaremaamet TATp ri li s. chofiurmomath.
J7aimaanetTTTM AIV's. TYimilchi.T -.
N} Hoemaamet 1 v 1 v s. Lida first.
ornumaanet 50 1 v 1 v s. Hida pofierior.
TAKE IT! O O 50 IMV ST tide embolimus._.
Ήoofimaanet. AVG s.TlWaidemmomath.
Homeless grams, ••.

17 O O 1 1 s e p h e r i s c a 50 1.
"Meanwhile, it marked her home Progreffu year. This enables her having done the A.
always from the beginning of the year, he began the civil xxv Deccmbris capicbant, idq; a.
night that fcquitur xx 1 1 1 1, in which Christian tradition, today.
which, with an ever watchful birthday of facicbat. It lays Modrane & T call.
They did this, quasi say X% μ% EG and quasi parent and the effect is high.
of all of the rest of the night: the years of the civil war from which the head, being the fu-.
deserves. (In fact, it appears, is not the day, but by night and counted as 5.
over the Gauls, he writes Cæfar) The beginning of the cycle, the truth of the natural from the Malina.
Autumn and calculating institucbatur because you Pliny lib. 2. 97 ,.
Autumn æquinoétio to swell and waves. For the year.
Malinas two parted, autumn and spring. the fifth, however.
menfis this and the previous name was femicirculus, and B.
as the fourth and fifth yellow autumn same name & Comm.
should not be held, Giuli, that is, the 7? oTixóv: that the sun is then in the autumn.
scéteret same thing, fourth and fifth named effent ,.
vocarenturque Lida. Because it was the outcome of the lunar year, Sears' em.
Bolimæis the third place, the penultimate Lida intercalabatur. Replace the year.
embolimæum this is the name of the Trilida was used instead. Now the Lida.
and calm; and vtBeda teaches. Strictly speaking, because graecize ^ & iuoy say.
There is a sea of ​​diet, alluring sweet smile as she speaks.
LUCRETIUS. Then the heat under the sea liduna they called it.
then the heat and moderate waves effet. Menfium Saxon names.
Rum Bede accepted that as the ZX family, there are many fated C.
ta & worth reported. The remaining bucket allowed. It appears so.
This year fuiffe beautiful setting in which it is not to the balcony and Hc.
1iotropion Metonis vmbras Pin fequcretur fed ipfas' administration.
Ocean parties cuj3ou € αάς%. Of course, it is wonderful that Bede reports elsewhere ,.
Speaking of the tide, the company £ άπεαd period T2 / xl) in the days of the.
Ocean serving observed. In fact, this is all the more by these persons.
I am surprised that it was the rule, rather than because it is so accidental to it. If you change Ocean.
The purposes of the fruitful Lunam5 moon Progreffu productive éyso.
JexagtM2i3a, undoubtedly Ocean and changes fequuntur ëwyeczd \.
x £ Mahida ipfam. Enneadecaeteride writes about those.
nation, writes the book and prolific Exarcù @ xαι τινός ἐτςο9, 4o.dù E. D.
Ίς αὐτττάegy% * KeXTixj; TöTolg X3 'TOV άκανόν άνα, ύ ςέx ἐλάω * OWS.
Άίας, Sec. After some time, φασί δ έτω GXfi'w éx %% y y% 4) at.
or $ zraje ός όλίγον ατάχεσdo ^ *%, tai τύας ἐσχας γεῦσις ἐχεσσοφα.
vae9%. λόγέ) δ Κτόν% αδν δ 'άψ έλεοικαιδεκα κα & ήά ek τ'ιω ὐθυ and ot ;.
* Ggg by 33% y Xavxa dgk τάλας ἀγοί EAI). & OD% τὸ δntaxaJe.
zαετ§ 330yovvzò ôå ^^% Dy uiydv & yo / jlov άομαζ. x3, § τω ἐπιφα # AW.
Ύτω τόν αδν κι%%%% A% ν τε έχο key aw6Xóς τάς νύκας λτὸ ἰσημεῖαςδα.
}}} 624% ,.
] 500 E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 Li B. 2. 171.
A.
B.
C.
i. .


Page 124

 This.
femicirculus the time of the incident last menfe Rethmonath vfque ad.
menfemHalegmonath. We are amazed that people conduct Vietri.
cem & the lady, the form of the time of the vfque IulijCae ineptiffima of the year.
fans vfam5eam But the person that the Romans videbaturbarbara, it is not fòluman.
numLunæad the rule of nature, the ocean, I say to, direxiffe, but also of the year.
Tenuiffe running Solaris? QuomodoenimCapricorni starts, and twenty no.
Likewise November and both the company and will notaffent, save a fourth day, 365 days.
Sunday appofitum? For the fact that from the beginning of autumn, sciebantarcum.
at the beginning of the beginning of Libra Aries, femiffian answer.
if the moon, so at Babylon in the year before. Why do you not all wise.
ness among the Babylonians and the east. Even Western or seven.
Trio's men were λοχα ζα. The Ancient manuscripts Bede.
menfium appeals are lightly altered leguntur.Solmonath, hreder.
monath, Esturmonath, Drimilchi, Lida, Lida, Vcodmonath ,.
Hälegmönath, Vintirfillit, Blotmonath, Giulia. Peruani, whose relics lie.
The chief city in the Yucatan, he used the menfibus Lunaribus, of whom I meane to contend with.
Solaribus taken together, give, to the twelve balls are in, or columns in the temple, il.
Son of the city decided, in which ftatues there were days when he converted to Sunday.
Fiona betokened, they could not be ignorant of which has been rich in tempo.
m, which MEFF, which stooping plowman. It's called pellets, for example.
c an c A. The beginning of the year, established at the winter solstice in December, of which the institutions.
Inga safe growth together certain man, who was from the Pachacuto Carc cognomcn, that.
is to be, the Reformer of the times. \.
-.
1000 E N S E s. P E R N A 5 A 5 M.
1 | R A Y 1000 E. Tevet Jewish.
A 2 1 100 1000 a Y. Schebat.
3]. . . . . may be.
4 | • • • • • * NJ / AM.
5 | 1jar • • • • • •.
6 [T H A N C v v v z Q 1 1000 O N A L A Y | Jvvv4m.
7 | A v A c c v y z Q v 1 1 1 N T R A Y 1000 1. [of Tamuz.
8 | H v C H A A A A A 5 Q_V i 'le4b.
9] Y A N A Q_V 1 s. Elul.
1 O | 100 o R A Y 1000 E. TIFF.
1 1 | H o 1000 y 1000, 1 P A R A V N C H A 1 O's force. | "Ararchefvvan.
1 2 | A A A A A Y 1000 of.
P o s e p h Ibe VE17 2 1 1 1 50 S C A G E R L
500 E 5 E T E R R O 50 50 5 1000 5 1000 GA, Ann O. A.
 w.
The Gauls, in the ratio of the times T E R E s E nondiim, fednoétespu.
5, tare, they used to, so as to grovel before the day of fequeretur of radiation, he says,.
Cæfar. Not surprising. One of two things is merely the moon, of the year ,.
He was, like Saxon and Germania. But, to the Saxons of the year Lunarca.
the rule recalled embolifmis and phase dccemnouen.
nal. Embolifmis the end of the year, however, were the Gauls, & merely the Arabic language ,.
and thirty years, of which the tartar of wine such as table Lunaribus come to an end. No.
For a period of thirty years computed orbit, except with 'em.
Bolifmi the reason is not had, so that with the Muhammedanos. For if the Father.
About forty years of tartar, and in those thirty years intercalare, the B.
period will consist of enneadecaeteride & hendecaeteride. But the former.
or Monday, or just alone bring poffunt period. Therefore FAE.
French MCRA was swept τεσικούαετη € ¢ Arabic. Pliny sixteen pounds.
the sticky asked before everything / entrails, she brings an primcipia menfium.
and characters to make and $ eculi after tricefimo year. But the gods.
were accustomed to them ncomenias start a new cit a fexta the moon, it is not verifimile is, but one.
fexta to the moon aufpicari works as Sinæ today, and once Laconi.
And a full-Germain. · * .W.
500 E 5 E N T E R N A 1 C.
 . From 1000 R O N A 5 M. C.
NNvM old Romans and the coordination of Juliana.
Numa had instituted fuiffe, almost all the old Romans are persuaded.
they had, in reality, that the reign of Numa, all the rites and to the other eiufmodi.
are wont to bear. Marcus quoqueVarro and alijaninum before ordination Pont.
Pilian principles not only grants fuiffe fed Romulus and ipfas jury.
MA salt prodidcrunt. Cauff proposed fufpicion mother, why.
fuiffe grants to believe that it was namely Martiusantiquitus.
seeks first, which no one will ever doubt the tenth of abillo.
The November. , who was called the Cumaean prophecy with the number and order, just as is done, no one '.
, however, was afterwards received by the number of cognominetur: since that time sequi, there is no men D.
After fern December fuiffe. Plutarch also this fufpicion II.
Sap cauff fuiffe writes these words:% d% and 33 rapígm udiy oiaç E AA.
χάν, ως & d% d% XO, undiy, dXXi d'EKO oOv £ 7 ^% 29uae ol τότε Pauóìo, Rov Evi.
owrów. However, this futile and worthless his childhood conie and opted for the first time.
system. Because if there fequitur, no menfem Post December. fuiffe ,.
Because nobody is marked by the December number, and fcquitur.
March, April, May and June were not previously fuiffe for Jan.
   . than He, it is not.
That E 1000 N 500 E r. We w P O R V 1000 Li b. 2. I73.
V.
 \ • •.
A decision is not the first of April, fecund, third, May, June.
quartile. Then best and vetustiffimi writers window and Li.
cinius MACER this position as an antiquity aduerfàntem confutes.
surprised. They contend, as soon as the old, for a year, of the Romans, from wrong.
1 x 1 ratio menfium fuiffe and requested from the Latin, in which four.
menfibus, iifdcm appeals situ and in the same year before Vr.
BEM has been stored in the vfu, and the last time vfque Reip.Rom.
suffer. If there is anything out of the old confuetudine to ask for this opinion, for fa.


Page 125


mense of December, were: Matronalia, however, the Kalends of the Saturnalia. March. vi.
Therefore, in each of those two menfes Saturn conie & TA effect force.
Bderentur that continuous effet. Then again, what redress from him in all things.
IKalendis from March to December lunoni fàcrificabant, because I am.
effent all the kalendas, dedicated to Juno, so that no man does not know how. But if twelve.
now choose out twelve menfes we had been, on the first of twelve, not ten at the beginning: fa.
crificaffent. Fententiarum seem to be a supporter of the former critics.
Also of the Gentile, who is a year old Aeolos grants the fuiffe that divine ,.
, relying on the testimony of Homer, whom they wish to Aeolos fuiffe. With him.
For thus speaks to Neptune Nymphama be compreffae: χαύge Yuja ,.
4γλάτήl, aάλλομ $ με d'êwow? Té fi% e% dyAovg Táxyo.- In fact, they say ,.
by compreffa to create a Aeëtes dμέρ® ^ & ioulbs, the year of many men.
fium is carried in many menfes woman and therefore Romus.
"100 right, so it writes Ouidius, The / àtis is bonded To produce mi.
fames, his year of time that fate. By Nen, also menfium.
the ten a year, the old attests to the picture of Aeolus fuiffe: Or, three times so that the picture of Aeolus men.
bes holds ignicomus $ OL. But these are trifles. Since then explofo II.
lo grants a year to put all the things inutiliffimo, thereafter from.
fibilata fententia, which Romulus pastor and agricultural Metonem and.
Calippus set to true reasons for refuge to us.
true, formerly confentaneam way infistemus, which makes it ,.
not only from the beginning of the year, the twelve menfibus, but also to those to Lu.
næ running it by arranging an appointment fuiffe. Witness appeal the month ,.
Eidunt and day. For nine days and diet, which is antecedent.
500 were eidus, fiuc moon. Since Xai%%% xoufie us (3, 6 ;.
τ] ω τουσάλlwoy Oh and to the interieéti are real, then the first day.
* Όχομάγε comes back from the ninth Eidibus. Xτὸ ἐ πάνσελή8, that is.
Eidibus, the intermenstruum time, there are now sixteen, now a fortnight.
From INTERLUNAR the fifth, fine τω όχόμιμον, but now the seven ,.
now sex. The fate of the old year to open the description shaped.
Besides why should I the middle of the night and the day to commence operations, Romania, unless beyond the moon.
No leader at that time and the days of the civil diuifionc fequerentur ?.
P Hinc174 3 1 1 o s e p h i s c a 50 1 G E R
Hence arose the expression: AD 4. E 1 D that is, before the A.
The fourth Eidus, also A.D. 11 1 1, 1111. The day before Eidus. For.
The time period between birth and are commonly occafum Sunday interieétum.
The expression she N T E A day includes that time.
before the rise of his neighbor, in fact, from the middle of the night and to the Eastward. Therefore A N T E
IO1 K A 50 E 1000 N 500 E A's that the backbone of the middle of the night and the day.
Nen is that we will not eruditiffimum an interpreter.
TCM. And he wrote a letter to Paulinus, therefore, we first determine them versus doth set forth :.
Ides crossed. MEDIA / àprema December.
Times venturoproperabat join Janus.
But rental / lecimas to / from just a long day.
Jupiter is an invitation to celebrate the festival could. B.
Then, versus those he explains. Now there was just the first day.
monumdecimum first of January, when she / IMT have li.
of the earth lives with the greatest of your literary conversations. You see clearly what it happens before the day.
1 (feeding, or the first of a night of course. Further in jury.
deprauatum hand, it was the day of the moon through the high ca.
Lari, to whom the country people, too, in front of an abnormality from the order of menfium.
holding. For the year menfes odd days and to a carriage ,.
JPontifex Court Calabrian fi Nonæ feptimanæ were going to do this.
meaning people, feptics said, KAL 1 A NA o n o v e l 50 A. If an.
Likewise Quintana appropriate, of the five jar, MA 50 1 A o n a n o v e ll A.
Get away Get away IVN o c o v e 50 50 A, which is found in the old well written, C
How excufa Varro read. For tametfi the Kalends, Juno commands.
they were, dedicated to my dear, to God, however, were to no one, dedicated to Nonæ, spoken of from.
mentioned. DC, for the moon, it is not from here, on the first of fermo. Besides it.
c o v e l 50 A, which is the celestial accept that this leetionem defense.
they give, than to ridicule, do they perform? c o w 1000 is old and it was heavenly.
the sky, but not to the heavenly. For if the neck from the old vfurpatum.
Bring the celestial, then fortaffe c o v e 50 vs. 50 poffet can be transmitted. However, Vt.
I have remarked, are of hearing the doctor is not here. On the moon, it is almost not.
Juno. From 1000 to IA N Moon called it. Things Varro in his work.
Agriculture never heard in the country Oh c t a v r e s o 1 A N A 1000 c.
c E N T E 1000, against € 5 e n ​​e s s 100 E N T E 1000? And that cressentes set & D.
/ Eneßente be done? However, some things can be better and p o s t c.
A V O N A T 1 A 1000 than before? It is everywhere in the radiation Varronianis statement.
appofitum ends of gloffema, LVN A & woven irrepfit. For 1A.
The N A. Lunt, A & E 500 adieéto carried out 500 EI A N A & E 1V to 500 A.
From 1 to 500 V E 1 N A. Diuianam Varro, so we prefer that diuia moon ,.
in the breadth, and height, than the fact that Deius Jane. But I do know.
Studiofi all of what and how pretijfit Varrò in the etymology. Him.
• T. modod send E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. 2. «S.
100 Rum reason, as you see the Day IMIENSES col e. · É¤].


Page 126

_ Le & TI. Hours. l scorum. .
The first column March [Mafiigs. * * - * - * - | -2'-.
2 to 9 days, since April 1. 52, 4 || 3. l * ?.
Gier 29, 4 | Greater. 38_ 18 | _ 9. [3 1.
hours. This number DU | Stairs. '' _ * L * 3 - 1 * ?.
plicate decided fecun [§ * [!:; |; |; Sixth. 1 7 7 1 2 2 3 O 9.
While mcnfem thirty day | September. [557ΤΓ | I55T | T3T.
Pesaro with four hours | 3; 33 6. . '° L 39. | 3!.
"• • • November. | CHAPTER 6 266 39 1 9.
appendages. And this is | i) Code. If 395TIA | T29 | _29_.
as used in moderation | lanuarius. | 3. 5 _io _] _ 3o | 29.
• a. "Fcbruarius. ] 355 2 O 3 O 8.
33aupíva Lunar running it.
From the same way the sun vs. Ian, who, as the EI-500 V A 1 A N A, FIC 500 Ah you.
1 AN O's was celebrated in verse: 500 V O O N A N o s s 1000 CE
R v s e s o s 1 500 Erv's O N A V E N T E No doubt the old.
Of the Moon fuiffe the Roman year, in so far as in the history of those times.
or disposition of the means to detect the motion of the Moon, they demanded of. What? no.
a covenant of his years is the years of the Roman people, of which, among more nearly a year to the work.
It seems? Lunar or solar? Of the Moon his journey, si quid in these things.
the things we see. True lunar year is 54 days 3 third ,.
And a little more than two hours to four. The manner of the years of the Roman people.
is the lunar year is greater than 1: 5, 16. not too much big, dif.
such as can endure, to Palti, to establish the kind of things that the years of the Roman poffit diuerfa.
John Moon, including the good old days boors and Afyl inhabitants. Quifque joy.
English be the year, from where it had increased to 355 days.
and made him, is in the mind of him, he had to make 5 Of the Moon, which is at any rate.
deemed that the effects of his days: 55, just three of tartar later.
mocritus he defined the same number of days, so that it is above the difputata. Why.
menfis orbit, plenty of Mendes & Founder of five years.
Roman waste will be 29 days, hours 14. To the extent men.
difpofiti they were prior to the festival. First, fecund, third, fourth, does not.
frankincense fextus dialog cavity and bloom feptem Oh & So was ninth, DCCI.
mouse, vndecimus alternately filled and hollow. February grade PLC.
nus, so the demand of the hour.
500 affequi needed. For in.
thirty years, there were 19 days to heal, as in to.
tidem Arab vndccim are added. After flue Pompllius.
Kama, flue any other fuperstitione the number of odd aboard the PA.
menfibus fustulit the numbers of them said to the thing, one to another mcnfes in the.
Indifferent acquittances. For fempcr to 29, pofuit 31, and the 29 ,.
instead; O, vfque to December, 29 days' who, when they effet, it is not.
was capable of becoming 31, to be made; for he had not potcrant plures 31 days. Therefore.
P 4 Manfas; o s e p h 17 6 ​​1 1 50 1 Sc A G E R • 1 ,.
Manfas January 29. At 3 O space, as in the others, faétifunt 29. The FCA I.
bruario necessary for delivering the two. The year will have been native.
3 57 days. This journey system, which is fecutus director.
the years of the Roman fuperstitiofus he, at length, and this was the Quifque. In fact, from this wretchedness.
pofitura ancient menfium see why March, May, Ennis.
tilis, interieétis each hollow, filled manferint only being eight.
Himself was spared by these two on each side and in hollows, full of and surrounded by a laterones ber is made.
In this regard, no one to render an account of the end of the diagram propofitus pof.
becomes. Because, to the menfes it for making all the odd days, they are carried out from the 29 3 1 ,.
CX O 3 and 29, except in December. For haetenus no.
menfis it was possible for 31 days. If this confideraffet Varro may have ,.
And the degree of protuliffet this year, and today we have some fortaffe B.
unknown to the account of its antiquity depromfiffet. This fitus and the status of old.
menfium of the Romans. Now intercalation method to trust them.
mouse. , Macrobius, and others writers of its most striking characteristic, they say to the Romans from the.
Greek didiciffe the dialog bienniis menfem stop, now.
X X 1 1 1 1 1 xx days now, because the Moon is above the exceffus Sunday.
1 x days when the quadrant. Now, eleven years later that day.
When femiffe made twenty two. After four years, made twenty three.
the chest or abdomen. But flue Macrobius reads eiufmodi intercalatio.
Himself that formed it, to prevent flue vfos 5, so that the drone So, one of the early writers a
Linus: who had both been lied regarding this matter, there are a lot of, a lot of muscle.
son, Praefertim in the case of Greece, which intercalationc write B, 100 C.
so that to the contrary, state of the Greeks, and the year a mere Conditions of the moon it was and what was the need of.
Z z 2 and 3 on alternate days bienniis intercalare as the phases of the ratios.
you'll be decoded? For if the intercalation running Sunday.
affequebantur, the moon, of that one year has, therefore, it was not. Never have.
faces, so this extra 2 2 2 or 3 days after a two Ara.
bicum year cumSolari in favor of the moon returns to save the company 19 years.
And to. And by the force of the Roman, then, about two and twenty menfem alternate bienniis.
And he built twenty three days' journey intercalabant: Nu, Plutarch, whom menfem.
MA plan and the same 1000 E K E R O 500 nivm calling writes.
Numa. * Aiaua φάλαγμα deny 5% ia; fiusgy to \ xx x) right.
»© and £ 3 póσελluax 7raxooia; πά & τάστα € 9% fiuäeggizoy%, £ 3 D.
i ^ ιακ8 τειακοσίας ἐκολὰ τὰς, τας άδεκα %% ^ ς ἐμάegςôz σοιαζων, ἐπά.
χαχε τοιρ άιωlδν ἐπι τὰ ¢¢ @ paa; I4, vno.

Page 127


MEPKEAINON Xaa & ρέμον εἰκοσι Κόνδυ ήμέgò ôç. The Caefare vol.
Magxndówo cat /. of de igas said, μόνοι τὸν καιe Eid} \ άτες, ἐαφης.
*} Agonêmôe undads, τὸν ἐμβάλιμον Ἀγοσέγραφον (ztapewiypa <POV).
Mjg, 1000 E PKH A O N O N öyoμαζῆες 1, ά neuat d ggoix ";;.
& $% ^ ά λόγά from heights) of this wonderful nomcn with a Grœcum.
 . • * scriptoremD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. 2. 1 »;.
A writer of Raman In this ipfos Romans.
not a trace, indeed, appears to her, except I do not know what it was in Festus, I also that.
eiufmodi, indeed, is, that vnto this, in place of no light, to that person. Is written.
Now at the beginning Merkedonius »K & Merkedinus with neither men.
fem, only Merkedonius, or Merkedinum, the Fed and the day of Immer.
1cedinos fuiffe agreed on the Feast. Two calendar days in the ancient Rome.
there are no signed ,. 1000 E R K examples Non. Eid. July and several fequentes.
days, also 12 Kai. O & account. & Fequentes. Finally XIII Kal.
INovember. & Fequenti days. Diet A Goddess 1000 E 500 K E R N A Oh, that.
charge fees and pay penfionis, as it appears in men.
J July, where guests% and oiuov hung up and away from the building.
Bbus the other. Similarly, in Teutonifmo Zinstag, the Mercedonius ,.
Day money. The Old Gloff, Mercedonius his / oluit payment.
Intercalabant but after the Terminalia, that is, after vicefimum three times.
Day components of February. Varro min A T E R Li, and this time of the year.
final set. For the twelve menfis February, €%.
When INTERCALARY lower then men five days / ?. Pulse.
After Tcrminalia intercalari agreed with the bus soon afterward.
Bring terminal XXIII day of February, because of the twenty-five days.
ti and leave for eight twenty-three. Finally, mcnfis Merkedonius.
IPlutarcho, in the words of Varro said February that xa.
The men are intercalaris. In the embolimaeo, the X 1 1 1.
£ menfibus, is the one closer to menfi in March, this is the thirteenth.
mouse, is say, mcnfis said intercalaris, fiquidem five.
Rum says Varro year intercalario menfem twelve fuiffe.
By February, though mutilated, and now xx 1 1, now X X 1 1 1.
days. The (ane true. For Asconius Pedianus in it.
Milo writes Pompey c o s. 3 created by an interrex.
Ser. Sulpitio, of February. March, menfe intercalario. Stresses.
in ancient records and Lucius Scipio Afiaticae year 500 50 x 1 V ,.
triumphaffe, menfe intercalari, Prid. Kalcnd. March. Also grams
"Cornelius Forks x 500 V 1 1 year of Ligurib.
Eidibus. CDXCVIII. v year. c. Dxv. C. Finally, a former c o s. First.
 ID mum triumph of Sicilian and CLAFF Poenica egiffe.
in 500 x c c 1 1 1 1. K. interkalar. On reprises take, or what.
Tuesday you were in XIII menfe. The vetustiss. Iuriscon.
Cato supported verb. Signif. Even testifies, he says, between menfem.
calaber to be constructed from the days of the XXVIII. What if the intellexiffet Tri.
bonianus, if we have not in fuo Pandeéte pofuiffet, together with Him the place in you.
beanthodie Julian calendar. Cicero Leptam lib. VI Episto.
seagull, obviously Kai. the former may also be intercalary, dicmprimum Merkedonij.
 WQCat ,;.
E p h o s s c a 1 1 178 50 1 G e r i.
I
calls, as both menfis intercalaris said. , We are told, A.
and v is 1 Kalcnd. and reprises of thy brethren that I had come at the request of the former.
The letter was written in confusion in the intercalatio Mer.
Κedonij of confuetudine occurred, according to Suetonius. Of course, in 'em.
bolimaeo were thought to be from the day before the day of Termi Merkedonij menfis.
meed. Cicero to Atticus lib. force at the beginning and 4ccepi letters.
AD section Terminalia, from. Cicero writes the like.
This year began on effect. By the same letter, he writes thus: But in that.
I pondered giving to liberal to wear thin. For the Father has sent his writ close.
za / ic noted it, as if an intercalation does not take place. He doubted, however, Cice.
ro, Rome intercalatumne effect that year. In fact, in that it did before.
this scripfit, he begs Atticus to inform the fo do, an intercalation takes place, B.
or not. The following Varro know menfem thirteenth.
fuiffeiustum By February, that is, twenty days. Why does of radiation.
Terminaliaerant 111 days xx February. For when you were Merkedonius was.
Luke days only, then Tcrminalia were in XXII, and Regifugium.
of radiation were the Kalends menfis xiii, just as the Terminalia was.
Merkedonij day of last term. When at Rome intercom.
1atum prevents them from Varro, indeed, shall he knew, that they who are scripfit no mention in his.
tercalationis be done on a bronze tablet sub c o s s. & L. Pinarius.
Furio, A. V. C. ducentefimo first year. Cicero succeeded him.
the author of thing makes, as they are in all the things for the sake of their old services.
TCM is known to auetorem succeeded tellers, and even before that, C
or two days after, sacta are. For Cicero writes in the book of laws, and energy.
gentcs ought to stop. and this is an institution peritc from the.
Numa posteriorum bishops failure difsolutum effects. Hæte.
less intercalation of Roman. All the countries of the old ,.


Page 128


tamenannum illuminarcanis procedure, and 3 6 5; days consists.
really knew. The greek that the intercalation of epochs.
Solstitij tempered. How do you hold potuif Solstitij day.
sent a number of days that have not been enforced? Indeed, in the day Sunday.
c c sixty assigned, and the fourth year the demand of the day.
Calabar after a c c LXV these days. He kept Hierophan D.
stance in Athens, Rome to the Pope, in the same year, the Merkedonius XXIII.
"Intercalabatur days before the start of the year of the first Olympiad. That.
For the Romans out of the Merkedonios might intercalate the care of the day, a witness of the Ma.
Crobu, who writes that the writers of the Old Testament, not only from the quibufdam.
menfem among the Romans, but also the day an intercalation fuiffe. Quan.
by Macrobius; it does not understand. The Olympiad.
intercalate, and the ratio of demands, for the sake of quadricnnium the Sun's glare, and to whom.
 crescit.D Succeeding E N T E 1000 P O R T A 500 V 1000 50 1 B. 2. 179.
Acrescitdies, and since the Græcisid accepiffe seen. But Cicero dife.
you and your good expreffes so clearly, so that it to be doubted any more does not take place. His words.
Rule V x from that book to Atticus: On my way varied / Entente.
  _ 1.
1 O P E R S P E A 1 5 500 5 500 O St.
A 1 A 50 P O R T E R A.
A 500 N 1 Q 1 R E A S O N N N N O. A 1 A 1 SO.
1000 A N A L 50 E R N A L S 1000 AR E 50 St.
An IB [col Pork Day fu Ho: Day col HGII DEFEGTIBETHS. DÉTTHo if [leai. peifiui. Rae. le & TI. I2z. le £ TI. Blow Rae, c £ TI. RZ.
i | 35 | 5TTT6] | I365T6 | | 3 55TIT8] | 365I_ i8.
[Emb.] 2 | 7 3 * __ Q. i ;; 6TTT, ;;; ---. 7 '' --- '.
 3] O87 1 1 18 5 9 1 Oh T§ 1> 33TTÍÍ 6 39 6T 6.
Nembi.] 4 [A65T3T3] [A6 Tis] [A36ISTE] [46ΓΕ.
5 | 1 83o i i__ 6 1 8 2 6 6 S TTTT8 1 826__ i8.
Ref.] 6 | 1 197 1000 2 ΣΤςΠΕ ΣΤ58TTö O O O 2191_
7 |. 552ITI8] [2553TT8] [1553TT6] [557I6.
Emb. | 8 | 3 O 29; -. ATTS 19, 5; T3TT, 2 9 2 2 1 2.
913.85TT6] [3537T6 | [53§6ΤΠ8 | |; $ 7T3.
Ref.] O | __ o__i 3 6 62 * § 657 i2. T £ <mess, 5 653T G.
O i_ 1 1 1 14 7 18 45 45ĘTT3, 8TTTTT6 43 I8T6.
Ref.] 1 2 143 95_o__o 4; 8; Tt5] [4553T3TT, 4, §} YOU.
1 3] 475 1 1, 6 AFASTTT6 47; TTT8 474 8 - *.
Emb.] 1 4 | 5I27T0TI3, EBD; T, 35. 5 swings.
, 100 1 5 | 548 ITII8 | [5378T8] [5A83Ti it6 | [5479T6.
Ref.] 1 6 | 586o Oh Oh Oh 58 44 5 8 6 1 1 2 5844 1 O 2.
17 [6AI5TITI6 3, 5-z 67T6TITI8 6χορΊς.
Emb.] 1 8 [655 T3T | [657ATTi: | [6593ISIo | [6575TE.
1 9 [l8 6947Tif 1 | [6939TT8] [6948 1 I 1, 0 | F | 6943T6.
Emb. | O 2 [7 3 * 5. 35I ° C 73 O 73 O 26 O 2 73 5 1 1 2.
2 1 | 768o 1 i. Oh T3 768 1_it_18 6 7 6 7 7 8 1 67o.
| ., | , | 8; 5T3TT 835 5TT, 8 3 6 O O O 100 8cT3T3T
l..
+.
For starch to me. But you energies, she / 0 in her care. • 2 / lamb.
the EFL. An approval fi A. 70. Kal. Already. We think? JMeus soul.
500 EF launched thus Nonetheless, VT / offenfionis nothing happens. And you, too / tread that.
day of the Olympics, met. . Right away, so that, as the thing is coming, Cafu held council mo.
p ^ of the journey will judge. T) ubitemus it. There is a winter sailing.
hate / A. Wetting for out of thee shall seek the mysteries of the day. We remember that we dixiffe.
before the day of the quadrantibusconfurgentem from the Bafile IX Iulijintcrcalari.
current. The fententiarum we by no means has repented of. but when Cicerodiem.
winding-bands, which are at Rome, brumætempore, inannoSolari intercalabant ,.
yocet Olympiadum the mystery ^, colabimur, vtcrcdamus »which he acts,.
. llII \ © 1 18 1 e p h o s s c a 50 1 G E R L

While in Athens, it also blown out. menfe Pofideone, developing soil A.
then. For when you were the period of all the Greeks to the nation, he was to pay.
the one side, Olympica, in fact, of all the Greeks, and the year the same as the Sun's.
effet, who is an Olympic, the same number of days, that is to say 365 ;, conferta.
nstanTaneous account, at the same time intercalari usual. Cice.
ro profeéturus, did not dare to be in front than the term of the journey were to gird the Olym.
PI intercalatus effect. that all the days of intercalation religiofo ,.
nefastus and would be unsuccessful, as is apparent from McSwain and Ammian.
Therefore, when the Olympiadum, this time from a quarter of an hour.
As mine, intercalate, mysteries took place before that wrong.
FUSCIPES some effect. Cicero to Atticus books. When / € ies.
Xoma began, like me / eriba certain that the secret B.
future / Int. The lib.6. $ Ed as you wish. Face / Mie me on that day.
2Romana incident secrets notify é how hiemaris. Indicates.
intercalary day after the winter solstice as usual, as was done previously in Athens.
Gamelion. Cicero Olympics Ipfe other calls on his own idea.
Thus, for he writes in book. XVI. Pi / cement carrier into the sky will be enacted ,.
The two greatest escaped censure. They say that one, rather than on the journey.
shall I do to me could understand fèfèipere, differationis, and dereliéfionis the Commonwealth of England.
A little further, the second, of which Brutus was, Oh Lord, the one who they were, lætabamtur :.
The accusation of it escaped me in my thinking. d. Olympics. This.
he. If Cicero migraffet just before the Olympics, which is the ajákóhu ©.
is done, and Lot sojourned, not the right, to Cicero, Caius difficilc been native ipfum
to escape the condemnation pronounced on the religion of the people to him, of the objections. Because the truth.
has already effugiffet, on account of Brutus, and he, who, together, were, to rejoice. Nothing is.


Page 129


After intercalation be that from Ciceroncm declarauimus, and before that.
crime, effet journey fuscipes, fuiffe from the fourth year, with the secrets of the Popes as well.
To the Romans, which he observed the Athenians, to whom a demand of the day INTERCAL.
They did this, as the years running Solaris, Solstitij, æquinoétiorum and winter.
turning tuerce. Fuum to distinguish the civil, Get thee out, therefore, the Roman adannum solar system.
on walls, so that from the exceffus Merkedonios the care of that they were to gather. He was having.
For a twelve year menfes Roman, 11 days, six hours. However, they do appen.
thou shalt say dics, with the one or the other the same number of hours in the &, and reigned two years definentc, INSERT BY D.
whims. And twelve menfes past year, she had two days, ho.
raj XII. From the days of menfis became one of the twenty-two, whom they called.
Merkedonius. xii, however, of an hour referuabantur. And so, fequenti bien.
mo out, twice eleven days, and twice 1 x 1 hour took place two days this.
The Merkedonius fruitful. And thus forward as the Board fuperiore.
noted. This means each of two years, which menfis intcrca.
condition, two days above the reasons fuccrescebant Sunday. Example.
PonamusD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 51 B. 2. 181.
From this year we put in order of six biennia fluxiffè. Neck.
5. Twelve days, 439 days of the year picked the Giuliano made 4; 8 ;.
The difference, 12 dies 5 so to say, there are many years. .Quod if fern.
intercalationcs continued through the fingula two years would soon become ;.
menfes winter may be transmitted in feder Aequin and hold, and fic.
viciffim the rest of the seasons of the year menfes does not square with the principles of definition.
tion. This is tempered. Exfpeétarunt until just Merke.
was destroyed by one of them; the days of accresccrct, can these be omitted. For ff.
more than, or less than another might intercalate, Merkedonij than just a mode of po.
stulat, this effect of radiation äetur deal with it. Years, we have each day.
fuccrescere. Therefore biennia produce eleven days, with the judges.
£ Merkedonij B mode or not. This omittetur intercalatio just merkede.
Dij, the chronicles of the XXII. Affect 12 hours, what fequcnti bienniocum.
dicbus X X 1 1, hours XII, will produce Merkedonius 1 1 1 xx days.
Why is the legitimate place to be neglected by intercalation fit the end of the year.
Rev. 1, where a year to keep pace with the Roman sun. Because of x 1 Ho.
Just above the re fuperfunt day of the year, they never exæquabuntur, except al.
tens X X 1 1 years, after which nothing is left. And so, the period of the.
Roman has been nominated from the old X X 1 1. Numa: & 4tque all.
be taxed in the year of the twelve menfibus adcurfùm of the moon for the first time. guem ,.
For thirty days / her throat menßbus moon does not give out / Antquam days.
solid in the course of the sun, developing men / the art.
I cponendo so diffenfàuit as vicefimoquarto the year to the finish line.
) $ Oils same, which is why orßeßent full animorum ßatiis of the county.
| gruerent. Full fpatia calls intercalation Merkedonij which INA.
mia fpatia of the year of the Roman brought to completion, vtcum the Tropic of Cancer running it is to be equal.
Now she intervention intercalation vicefimi fourth year, and, as that.
And He says, it speaks to the end of the year, all the fpatii vfque vicefimi guar.
TI ended, Metam Sunday to return to the Roman year. The falfiffi.
The mum. For it is not omiffa Intercalatione vicefimum the fourth quarter, so many days.
fuperat, as many as are of the year, as has already been explained. Sane yourfcif diferte said ,.
vicefimo fourth equation can be full of old fpatii :.
But if it is true that some interpreted this place last year.
/ 500 en masse, this effect can be omitted intercalation vicefimi period.
of the year: I do not see how this is done. For merkede neglected.
genius who had xx 1 1 1 day will never exceed the lesser of days.
Twenty Four. In this way the day had plenty of one, or two, if it fall after the year in XX 4.
Luke won Merkedonius days. But in fact, as I have said, the Romans, for so many years.
fustinebant until just Merkedonius dropped poffet. But that is coming to be.
twenty years. Therefore VICEF fruitful year, the Roman phase.
Rum, where tens of biennia äußöAga and a fine cmbo.
Q lifmo., 8 • ''. '1 e p h o s s c a 1 1 £ 50 R I.
Hifmo. In this way we came to be, that out of the 12 hours of the Refiduo for twenty two years, A. Immer:
kcdonius fertile periods of the effect XXIII days when Merke.
<Measurement of liquid fuiffettantum two days, twelve hours. And so on.
forward Merkedonij difpenfabantur, that out of the year, the Sun's reason.
there is nothing left effet, that Merkedonij peer involving odd and county.
compenfaretur not change. Since, however, the lustrum was the Roman.
smaller than a period, as the Olympiad of the Greeks, period, she stays.
from the beginning, from the first year of lustri was imperfect, and xa. The first PC.
riod beginning of the year of the first census, the second from the third by a third.
fifth, a quarter of the ongoing fifth from the fourth. The ceremony in fexta back.
In orbemfuum. And this is the time of the Romans called the s ae CVlVS :.
It was lustrorum xx 1 1, pcriodorum five years unc B.
Then, and ten. , Horace pertaining ;.
sure vndenam million per year.
As the song and games.
Due to the caufam centefimo year on year, at the beginning.
centefimo and eleven, the secular games were of the institute, at what time of the year.
the Sun closed at year period conucniret luster. How.


Page 130


and does not, nor Varro, the Senate did not consider all the critics, he realized.
For the period that one hundred and ten years summa process.
was expressed by the old Romans, it was the rule fuiffe is established, since, that Cnaeus
Fifteen confeetus the recorder repeat.
It requires them, for the games, and the chief men of whom books, celebrated in Quindecimuirales.
TOS handed year c c x c v 1 1 1, Marcus Sp. Verginii.
c o s s. to others, they are repeated in c c c 8, Marcus.
Coruino, C. Poetilius c o s s. præcifè years and inward I are ex. Toti.
demanniabistis the third, Clodius Pulcher, L. IunioPullo c o s s.
A year v.c. quingentefimo decimooctauo. A third sub.
c o s s. Aimilios when, L. Aurelio Orestc as quindecimuiri.
annotarunt book, witnesses Cenforino year A.v.c. fèxcentefimo time.
offal nine years with the same interval c x. The same number of years.
the tasks for them, whom the Augustus is Cæfar published, in the year of the City 500 c exxxvii, 500.
C. Furnio, Pub. In June Silano c o s s. Oétauos games of tartar.
Impp the season. Seventh & Marcus, Chilo and Libo.
I c o s s. auetorem Cash and Cenforino. Mention of it.
the old inscriptionc of the field in this Cafinatis. .
I.
l.
l.
ID E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 1000 50 1 B. v 2. 18.
; A 1000 E 1000 o A 1 AR.
G E E X's 5 1 50 50 IA Q_V 1 N A T I Q_V
A N N A T E N T E N T 1 G 1 S. 100 St.
E N T E R T A 50 5 1000 E N T O N A L N E St.
1 N O P E R T P E F E N T E v D. A. VA 50
1 T. R E E E G 10 50 1 Q_V O's. s e p T E M E T. 500 1 e s. 1 x 1 x.
E B 5 500 100 5 100 100 5 B 5 1 1 T. E T. O T
N A T 50 V 5 L. D. A. c i o V 1 B 1 it. E N T S E Q
By the Romans, it was the rule of the age of the Roman and including the interval Reet haetenus.
BQui secure Leaders are served throughout modumlibidine sua finished. Pri.
my school life, born in the year of the City CX Europe. And of which led to.
Sæculi one space left eighty year the City v c 1 1 1 that.
King was a nine year SeruITullI. at a time when we do not doubt ,.
for the first time conducted a lustrum from him, formed by Him. For the word written in.
Cenforinum a close eye first to the last, whether it was closed.
no immorality 500 c c r 1, Emperor Vefpafianus Father fifth son.
Oh S tCrtlum 100 S. Afr.
}.
interfuiffe Paul.
II '' P '°' N E W S R 1 105 51 SÆ Roman ,!.
1 XCCtOS CIUl1n.
1excctos less that 1 1 N N N A S T E R T S 50 5 1 S VIS.
fifty that potiusli |. '.
Cbrarij than cenfe 13 [§ | [J 5 | [§ i | [§ [§ A Li.
  Ed v em æ ».
The purpose of the error. For Those I [j li i | i | i | i | i | 3 | | I. p <5 <5 £ 3 || 5 | $ 5 "i Έ 3 5.
As soon as this | 3 | 3 | i | 3 | 3 | 3 | 3 [* [i | 3 | 3 | i | 3 [3 | j.
Tully initially Kingdom 1] 1] 1 [2 3] 3] [4 5 | 5] _ [67] 2 89 || 4.
) 2 | 2 | 12 4 6] [1 O | 6 8 | ; 100).
I was last didif 4 | 4 5] || 9 O | 5 | .
pet. The false effects 4 | 4 | [2 6 | 1 | 6 [4 8 | 3 | [7 o | 5 | _ | 9, | ;.
  2. 7 1 1 | 1.
All have granted | '|' || * | j | * | *] [5 | 9 3 | 3.
 6 || 1 | 2 | 2 8] 3 O 5 [_5 | _ [7 1] * 9 4 | 4.
} Sometime. We omniaffe | 7 | 2 | [9] 4 [5ti] Ti] Ti] 7 | ; 95 [5] ._.
ueratione contended 8 | 3 | | 3 | o | _5 | | | 5 2 | 2 | [74] 4 9 6] 1 [2 a.
) Mumlustrum stored | i | 'itt}] 3 3 | 3 | | 5 | 5 | 5] [77]. 9 9 |. 4.
   6,.
, Dtumanno Tullijdeci | | | | | | | | | "|" J | | ; G | j..
I 3 | 3 | | 3 5! _51_ [57] from 7 9 | 4 1 2 2 2 Q i
Mo, but also here | 4 | 4 | [Itiitere [§ 8], from 8 | 5] | | 1 O 2 | 2.
renewing effect upon | 5 || 5] [37] *] [59] 4 | [8T] [T7] 1 O 3 | 3.
  1 6 || 1 | 4 | 3 8 | 3 6 © | _5 8 2 | O 2 1 4 | 4.
gnem NCAA Sac 1 7 | 2 | [§ 9] 4 | [6A] Ti] T518 3 | 3 | | 1 O 5 | 5.
For cularium.Quod || 8 | : | [4o] 5, the J6].] It 4 | 4 | [T5 3 | tje.
origoludorum SAEC | 2 | | | * || * | J | | | 5 | 3 | | ° 7]?.
H 2 O goodwill ferend | _5 | _ [4 2 | 2 | 64 | 4 | [876] Ti | T§ | 1 O 8] 3.
ariuer refer here [3], s | : | [6 sl S | | | ** | | | . s ";.
is what is better for the 1.] 2 '| 44 | 4 | l 6 6ITIITIJ8 8 | 3 | | 1 1 of 5],.
Q2 justifies ,.
E p h o s s c a 1 1 184 50 1 G E R L
Bauer quamtempus præcifum and an interval defined by A. Sæculi
In the first census for the first games of the ages? But, the first co lustruml.
year in which we have said, has been established, it is clear from the records of his Fasti of the capon.
tolina. In those years A.v. The ceremony c 500 54 x 50 V1 closed.
Then, and 500 LXX 1 1 1 1, lustruml quinquagefimo. Fifty.
Thirty years to 2 5o who leave abieóti 574 years; 2 4.
Throw the City IRurfus 189 years, after which time approximately cenfeo.
In the first census performed. There remains the year 155, which are the regions.
27 intermiffa after the first time it Seruianus. And so we learn ,.
survey, which was founded in August, are quite different from those of slaves.
end. In fact, in restoring the decades that had no eye.
Rum Seruianus, but the old immorality. In fact, for example, the lustrum was B.
Augustus founded in March Cenforino C. C. Gallo Afinio c o s s.
When eight years before the games Secular edidiffet. This is not at all suitable.
institute Seruij of the king which coastat periods of tribute unto the first five-year period.
egiffe. Difputata embolifmi and Roman phase methods now.
fpectandum of the year. And indeed both winter ccepiffe Ouidius.


Page 131


observed in the hierarchy of fua. Besides other monuments to this argument.
the mind is not official duties. as a loyal Palilitium. he said that the Pales.
signs of dawn, cut, at the time of the Julian incurrcbat, or thereabouts.
xxi day of April, 'Then why do not doubt that Cæfar the old of the year.
creating a new epoch in to observe. And to this veterumC.
Critics, including the etymology of Varro April fententia. He.
cenfeant when the opening was an obvious indication of April.
Springtime menfem fuiffe such as Cæfar prescription. But because of the.
to illustrate this, it seems that not a little feruatio Beans refriuæ. For the beans.
the increase will take home the aufpicij caufâ. This fig.
but Kai. Juniors. diets in which the name of the Kalends Fabariae; The fact men.
J Beans matured, divine things he adhibcbantur. Qupd would not take place, unless beyond.
In January inciderct winter season. Finally Vinalia, which also cost.
three Veneralia, mcnfe Sixth recur for a dependent.
dreaming celebrated in August menfem fated to argue with a pen.
a tooth, do not come into contact potuiffè of the vintage, except in D. Januarius of the winter solstice
cepiffet. There is no doubt, therefore, if it is duly intercalation do so, but that.
Merkedonij intervening year, the head of the fuum return. But it is not.
duly visit the witness Seneca in matters touching on the Laws.
above the flow of the intercalation straight from Numa directions.
In a pontiffs deprauatam fuiffe. How so, pray: Shuah.
Pasanha, Cenforinus, as Macrobius writes of them write, Popes, who had owned.
tcrcalandi, acquittances of terms with the care of, and the correction, by one year, on account of the hatred,.
I or unduly from E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 51 B. 2. 18 ;.
).
Marcus
i.
l.
1.
A or aroused jealousy against him, quickly went away in a whatever any one term of office, or the office of ,.
where they are published in the gains, but the contractors, or stolen, exhausted limbs, while the leaves more or.
nufue from the libidinc fua intercalare him, The thing which fell upon a mandate for another vitiofè tra.
& Taff. So there confecuta a huge stir in the Roman ,.
so as mostly ncq; mcff the feasts of the summer, and consequently; vintage in the autumn corn.
Petercam. In fact, from the cl when this license was to be neglected by, or for the celebration of passion.
nc intcrcalationis, will never be the reason for the years of the Roman occupation. Therefore, Cj.
I wrote to Atticus faepiùs the evening of the same request, im not a prolongation of which fell upon intercalation.
Experienced annumfequentem. "In his position, he said, because Rome.
spirits of the dead, the first thing I it with, and the præmumi, quaefo, so that / now lay before the annual ;.
I intercalation indeed. In other places, remember to care for yourself and for all.
Bnostros in the first hortenfis that year Moster stay / 2o stripped ,.
the purpose of the new state. This will give way, so I doubt that it will.
May I ask that bother me intercalation. Caelius SPEECH: Curio is very simple :.
because he did not get his way about intercalation, over to our ad populum, Oh Lord, on behalf of, ca.
He began to tell me to talk. If, then, even so with impunity intercalabant pontiffs have, for example, in.
tercalandi the ends of the time does not exist Him, the will be broken through determine the fate of FED ;.
it could hardly be otherwise, than can be held in this coming year, the head of the hollow of the ancient historical epoch.
contrary to the times of the peffumierit, nor kept the feast of Meffer to the summer, nor Tin.
demiarum in the autumn, would lie for what is already out of the satisfaction of Suetonius you were saying.
mouse. And this is true. In the first Olympiad.
xcr 1 1 1 Rome taken by the French report Dionyfio Halicarnaffenfi ,.
100 XT Kai. Sixth, Auetore pressed, full moon hangs around the solstice.
i.
[].
nentc, according to Plutarch. Now it was the third periods of the Olympiad. If the pie.
nilunio measured by the course of the first of the year it happened here, Olympias, who had Cafus Therefore, the.
taken himself are on the sham Olympics. Blow menfis Olympics.
x July. Matt doubt at the end of July in the City was taken as an empty and.
Miltitz and becomes, which is it, asks Plutarch, the full moon that in the Solstice at the incidiffe.
For the Greeks call solstice July 8, that is, xiytgov% from $ £ / y6y ,.
as is evident by the things which proves the period of the Olympic said.
mouse. Every new moon, Olympic and other Greece.
VIII states after July inqiperet never become so plenilu.
In two years as a summer solstice contracts. But how much faith and far.
500 Plutarch there used anywhere before. Others say menfe.
according to the last 97 years of the fourth, Olympias, who had been captured. Therefore XT Scirropho.
his plot, not far from the place of the things that was falling on the Solstitij in the xx v of Iune. But.
The Solstice and had known her, except the Plutarch of the course at Olympia there is no other. For.
Taffe, (which is verifimile) had taken some time to rctuliffent.
Sarguit belong to the V xx June, Julian, where Cæfar set sols.
components, in order to Plutarch he captured a city near the solstice.
From the first day XT. Id. August vctcr a year, to the end of the year dies.
Question 3 1 6o. A186 1 O S P H E 1 S C A L E R G 50 1
1 6o. A full moon day, which is a twenty Julian July in a year, to get a!.
Then the year, the 1 59. The difference of one day. He at one time on the day, then, but sometimes.
The year was put out of joint. And, indeed, fortaffe in case when one day. For this could be.
In four Iulijaccidere now thriving and nearly full moon to. At Ca '.
into fetters on is the law of the wine of the of the hanging huiufmodi stands out: The place of vimis out.
AD Kai. O & account. the first will be given $ i mom before exportauerit owner.
wine is voletfacito. En grapes hanging Kai. October ,.


Page 132


possessed sides. Also Law wine in the wine with the same Cato.
Wine and take it to Kai. January. first. If you have not previously received at home.
trying to drink less. From these we know that tartar O & obre].
In September IRomanum Julian January to December & B.
conueniffe. In A.v.c.D 61, mania succeeded, gained heart's.
nelio Sclpione Nafica consul s.defecit Sola.d.v eid Quintilanno period.
Iulian 4524, March 14, on vi.Exa.d.Eid.Quintad exitumanni, \.
c are the ninth since March 2 x 2 definunt be reckoned with Matt Augustus. .
Therefore fequens starts January twenty Augustus Iuliani.Rurfus annoA.v. :.
c. 500 Lxxxiii, L. Paul Aimilios 2, C. Licinio craffam c o s s. failed.
The moon on the sixth day of September, in the period Iulianae 4546, lunij.
xxi, the third day of the week. A pride. It is not. Sept the Romans, to the close of the year, a day is.
CXIIII who reckoned definunt on a xxi June 12 Octobris Julian. Er you.
Go old then began January x 1 1 1 September Julian. Times \.
Cicero, Julius improvement in his native aggreffus the end of the doubt 100 II.
January was the capital of the same, that is to say, about 13, or 14 October. I (;.
Re lib. 11 to Cicero writes: Cholesterol, brother, how are you. :.
€ 5, although it is winter, however, Sardinia to think. Writing:.
xv Kal. March. After he wrote the following letter of 3 Eid. MART. $ E, t.
ro, I said, we have come before winter contubermales would be his. If March is Ireland t.
January was the autumn. Attic writes after March below MA.
ri to us, uncertainty and running it is, the depth of winter mauigandum is. Here winter.
After the great March. In the same book:% Won to navigation by us, easy to be out of Italy.
issue, since the whole armor præfidiisque the winter season pre / himself. Sm.
pfit this fuperiorem behind it. Libro'fequentiait the soldiers inhiberna.
menfe conducted April. The book V, a Sextiliincipit believe that sold hot weather D.
nos. Tantointerualloabsuit finisanni of the Roman by the ancients, demanding person, harvesting of winter.
Lastly, I wrote to the same thing, from a. d. v 1 x 1 Kai. Jun. be the vernal equinox.
delayed effects is very stormy. Might appear to them.
before time was, of January-Julian Roman power in the Oétobrem incur.
riff. But words are added: 'Now we have to aquinoótium |.
staying is very stormy. That /? tomorrow. If only the same |.
Hortenßus stay, / indeed, still there. Liberal possible.
Write: 500 E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 Li b. 2. 18>.
.
Ascribed:? Staying will present the equinox, which is very disorganized.
It was raised, $ i tomorrow, would that be the same. JHortenfio (/ iqui.
He was still the same), nothing can be more generous. Where in this writing.
Cicero, had began. Ides said. More fuiffe equinox. Ides.
The Maya had, however, at which time the intercalabatur, from the first day of January in the you fancy.
definunt after day 1 54. Matt Æquinoétium Julian March. Away.
Adiebus days 1, 54, 84, both from Kai. Matt January to March, better.
7 days were oh. quideduéti about 3 66 days annibifèxtilis (for CY.
cliSolaris XT 1 year, 1), leaving 296 days, that is the day 2; Eight.
bris. Therefore, when intercalabatur, Roman definebat the year 2.
Octobris Julian intercalation and the end of the first year was 1 3. Julia.
B is a fifth less by the fact that this writing Cicero. Confufio year.
Two years had 444 days of the end of Julian O 3 equal to 7 days from whom.
444 286 deduéti leave, the day 1; O & tob. Julian.
Why manner in the African END written that after January.
confeótum Pleiads fuiffe loyal and large hail.
ingruiffe. That is the example we adduâo said that, if.
CRA's e r it, this is the same cumeo Catulliano :.
For% /? shelves for copiests.
ßrinia run.
Also, when Virgilianum: Craffima /? rays of dawn rays.
And it is confirmed in the time of the interpretation of the place is wonderfully good friend.
100 (criptionibus. Data for the letter V 1 x 1 Id. Lunij. This is his mind.
Cicero. Sicris will stay the same wish. In other words, would that he had fudum is done ,.
quidemnunc like it. By the way, it was the years of the Roman state, that when Gaius Heaven.
far him by the hand, created further life: Who proceedeth not evil, in the lunar peffimum a Nu.
ma, or in some other such boors, and the peasant as will corrupted, and this, counter one intercalation, or.
to protect the ends of the care of the fine, however, was not able to. As it is not once he marveled at fim ,.
geographic the nations that the human race laws gave ,.
to establish for himself a piece of the ordained law of the year does not potuiffe. After that hgmi.
vfa is made as to whether the form of the memory of the years of ineptiœ no people on earth. If.
the vice Pontiffs intercalatio, evil, however, have not been native, it was easy.
times, from that year would be the observation of the Romans, to extend the & fast.
500 Since, therefore, by the things which are above the difputata, it may appear the first of January-£.
Cumin & tobremIulianum times nearly the conueniffe, surprised.
Yet Cicero writes a tyro menfe November, Ireland.
and unaccompanied by the fact temporetimere, and, therefore, to forbid the person to a tyro ,.
November mcnfe winter, nauigarc. What does this all kinds of takes place ;.
seek leave to them. .
* 4 Q I S E P Hi188.
   .
1 S o e p h i
S 100 50 1 A G E R L
1 5 1 50 1 1 100 AE S A R S F.
ID E


Page 133


E P O R T 1000 5 M.
50 1 B E R T E R T S 1 5
of the heavenly, which by means of the anomaly on the Canons of the.
compctentes αφαςάσις ago and was not invited.
3, !! equal. So, these movements or deestfemper ,.
â € $ fuperest or something. Thus, in the concept of the year.
ÉÉÉ§ year æquabilcmvocamus, cuipro.
¥. \ Account commodioremvfumaut away auTf.
Šperestaliquid. Example: Perficoan.
â? ® * \\ 2 ° SS). .... (Q4Z no quarter on Sunday reasoning is lacking. But.
Greek above the moon arguments for nearly six days fuperfunt. And closing with it.
For advice and more convenient for thirty days menfium distribution ,.
And just days description, which is æquabilitatemen B.
fium Greeks wanted moon by affequi. But this was beyond all bounds.
maul problems. For, it is the chronicles of the remaffumebatur to her, than to.
year required limit. Opposing reasons Oricntis natione with.
in the same year before, a woolen shirt, and so as to avoid the tediousness of embolif.
to chastise him, they desired to morals, for the first time nearer to him from the sun, as possible.
Alun reasons abeff you consider that the population of wit.
the errors of the times more and home, on the Moon, on account of the good faith of the cc.
leritatem, studying how the sun after it was agreed upon.
them three times, so that from the model of the year, I have been with, there was a period of days in which 3 is 6, O ,.
2 of 7 curtailed, and this year appenderentur. Diuifa it.
2 to 7 years that amount, excerptæ days were v, and the lime or C.
After a day of 36o if reieétæ: $ tayoμάας the Greek word Aegyptij.
In the ancient language n e s 1: 1000 vs. bear & Arab & ^ • v t e r a KA H.
The Ethiopians won over the Greeks today etiamnum O N A L N E 1000
call. Since this year 3 6 5 days constituiffent no doubt.
runtcumSolarem to call them, even though they were not ignorant, to that year to the.
•, perfeótio.
N astronomical ἀμαλα) κυάτάς be invited to Succeeding E N 500 E 1000 P O R T A T. B. V 1000 51 3 189.
A pcrfeétionem deeffe a quarter of the time of day. In the neglectus.
Oh menfem 12 years through the entire head withdraws from the epoch of the solar year.
For example, Caputanni, the day of the Kai. Mai Julian's, that.
After 12 years, incidetin Kai. Apr.Quare the twelve great menfi.
withdraws from the bus down the course of the first historical epoch, dies; 6o. that time.
He is twelve years old, z oh, that is, 14 4o. After vigintiamnos recent.
As the day of 365. The summa 146o years old becomes uniform. where.
annihuius the entire distance from the head of the ordination of Julian feriem Peru |.
gatur. This fpatium that the Great Year was used instead. It is well known as are of the twelve.
cimmagnis menfibus that each year there are 1 2 O or twelve million.
dm> $ tayoμόας big five, four or five years.
He said, to be called the Great Year xuxbv BScd quodCenforinus huiufmodi ,.
That true if fpeétes month Thoth. How often do you saliva.
inhibits Thoth in ortumcaniculæ fell, it said straight xuvxòς ἐνιαυτός.
And this, again, as it happens to me, not in a few years, by hundreds, it is necessary that ,.
But the fact that this interval of time, by which Thoth returns to the rising of the Dog ,.
from which he had started in the beginning, it is clear that the years 146o, on the other hand perabsur.
While it. In fact, he says, the dog-star, whom Thoth fuiffe, VLPI &.
| Brutio praefentia c o s s. After years of canicular I46o is no effect.
can, of course, that the year 1599 will be a year of equable 146o.
Thoth free from the dog Cenforini. For Solstitia Sec.
aequinoétia anteuertunt about ten days, within that period of 11, thus a.
100 fiderum slowly rise, quiaannus mainly as a crowd astronomers.
Rum talks, is slower than in Julian, Julian, in the tropics. It.
matter if the year of Christ 138 rising xx falls in July or.
no fall in nine of July 1 598 Christ, if indeed if Thebithio year.
Dcret auétoricredimus. However, you will not veteres they tlu ^ α • • DA%.
êánxe4240 DVG. And therefore a great of them, and the year, which was composed of 146 o.
Julian, that it was rather a vast orb of the year, in the Egyptian equable, in ch.
Pocher were restored to Juliana, a vague than that of the Dog Star to the Thoth REDC.
untie. But & Dio Caffius, this is a great year, with the intention of having a ,.
inie and to speak intercalation Bifexti Julian, puerile, respectively.
when he thinks about such a matter, gave his decision. For instance, in the interval between 146o years ;.
500 effects a day and there must be added, in addition to him, the ordinary, which is Bi.
from t vM said. That is so far from, as that truth is made, so that intotidem.
rather, eleven years, the day of the Julian excreuerint, than can be held, one of fresh milk.
The words Dion: τω μὰ μίλο τω έν ἀ τὰgτημοείων συμΖngeui.
" 'Ω δέ τεοπαγων και αύτως ἐγ εἰσήγα} ρ, ἀςτε μηδὲν ἐπ τές on όe%) ;.
*% *, Zx'w) Azygia, @ §αλαζειν. άν youu% λίοις έ τεττακοσίοις and f.
£% ov%, ai fire, μιᾶς ἀλγς ημάegς ἐμβολίμε όέογ) serial number.
errors, he said,}) i g Ttoygg® embolifmum bifexti ficri.Quod Græcg.
propric19 o o s e p h 1 1 1 50 S C A G E R L
Properly is the third year exaéto.Sic significant Herodotus, the Greeks end A.
bienniis the company intercalare corners and tie, said άλλως δια τζν ἐτε® lug.
zuuoy ἐπεμέαλλεσI. This is the demand of the productive year, and three times.
components birthday. Then he decides something other than a quarter of the day.
fupereffe. After the last fourteen hundred years ago, one fexaginta ,.
keep one day intercalation. For if he that, because he was sick.

Page 134

he understood, it was true, there will be a year of beak above the 146o, to the intercalatio.
an end is not the case. However, after 146 O Julian demand of the year after.
at the beginning, Thoth Ægyptiacus returns again in this day menfis Julia.
if, in which 146 had been æquabiles 1 year. In addition, year on average.
Biles 1 146o, 461 are independent Julian. I fanci in place of Dion.
need to dwell any more effe non cenfuiffem, except this place was a great B.
her husband thrown into the same error impuliffet who it though.
AMON iifdem words, the bill fuum across from the rich. Which.
The words judged to be necessary for added effect. άοχέαυ ό Aiyu ag%.
Pundit AEX x 350% ηλον τειακον σημ £ G9; άόσεκοι, και τάς ημάegς ἐπσχα.
zov xax 'άιαῖόν ἐκστον, τά, το ἐπιπέχον μῦθον ἐ ἐμάegς εἰς έαΖῆςαον.
$ Άλε όιω? Aioa EAA Xao AG & ^% QW% ζ μίω íuáegy. Clear.
of it from Dio expiscatus is, as you see. The aìiod OV z} ειόνων ἐὰ understand.
fexaginta fourteen hundred years ago. Fane error in philosophy po.
more rarely, the historic chastening. It then μίω ημάegy Aw $ ia, Fed.
by %%. But, Julius, Firmico what you do, who had so procemio of the work, I have been.
writes? And with how even the conuerfione greater he, who, they say, and soul, C.
being cheated of ammus, who quimque has the stars, the moon is also and $ he sun places.
I, originib / Mie time that four thousand, € 5fexaginta.
^ Animorum one around the other. Does not entirely Xaxoilasaai) am.
owing to the years of the planets are round about him, he thinks that to become a canicular? What does.
unreasonably could have been said? These are the things that equable in origin.
are instructed to surrender. It remains now that the moon in the method.
This year may discover if the periods running on his faith.
When Egyptian power levels poffit year. What is utterly deprehenfà effects.
twenty-five years, so how in an enneadecaeteris.
Julian, no, it eixoarTay% € € ¢ t come close to a year equable præcifàm.
an equation that case. Julian D. Moon is larger Enneadecaeteris
Hor. 1, 485. eixoaT% y £ £ T2); the Egyptian, however, he leaves the beak above reasoning.
inhibits the moon, hor. 1 1 2 3. Drop præcifior is eixooTç% £ Tek Enneadecae.
teridi. Modus years in the Egyptian flue equable, the year 36 5. Lu.
nose 354. 8, 87. 6. Difference Day Hey, 1 5, 2 O4. So vicefics lead.
Five times this ôz reg9χω. Day 2 produced 65 hor. 19, scr.78o.Menfis.
Moon 29, 1 2, 793, which multiply nine times, because there are so many embolifmi.
In this pcriodo. Day 2 produced 65, 18.657. Extricated out of it.
ceffuD E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 1000 51 B. v 3. 191.
A year Ceffer origin. There remains a day, 1, 1 2 3. Now let ,.
How and when to stop. Three years ùzws29χαι origin.
made 31 days, 2 1, 612 derive menfe Moon, there remains an epactorum.
nitertij, 2, 8.899. exceffus trebled since that time, abieéto men.
J lunar leave epacts year fextus, 4, 17, 718. The third tri.
the scroll folded exceffus: who, when he epaétis of the year fexti, derive unto them that sold $ Lu.
summit, which leaves a epactas year nineteen, 7, 2, 537. And if in triplicate.
exceffus agreement, derive Menfo lunar epaétæ, which must be delivered here.
take copies of, and too much as far as exceed. So content are becoming doubled.
cxccffu, 21, 6, 4o8. When epaétis preceding embolifmi.
made 28 days, 8, 945. See, in greater phases of origin.
J} For menfis exceeds that of the moon, summa, as you know. Application.
So now fummaanni Egyptian defumma Moon. Disappear.
cpaétae vndecimi embolifmi. Also exceffus tripled, not Jun.
EPA & fuperioribus tied tie because it is the year of the Egyptian exceffus ,.
£ CD moon. From trebled cxceffu Sunday produced epactorum 2, 8, 899.
And because these are the last epaétæ years of Egyptian greater epaétis Lu.
the nose, take a Lunar 1, 3, 928, from the Egyptian 2, 8, 899. Exit.
1, 4, 1o 51, epaétæ 14 embolifmi. Exceffus triple again. Harness.
epaétas near. Throw menfem shaped. You have 5, 1 3, 87 o ,.
17. the threefold exceffus cpaétas of the year. Harness epaétas. Throw menfem.
Produced epaétæ viccfimi embolifmi, 5, 2, 2, 689. Make triplicate.
100 exceffus. Abieéto menfe lunar remain épacte vicefimi third.
embolifmi, 8, 7, 5o8. When she double exceffus, deductus fyzygiæ.
of a specified quantity till the fifth year vicefimo difference.
years in the Egyptian and Moon days, 1, 1 2 3. Therefore, the new Intercal.
tur third, even years, third, fexto, ninth, fourth, DE.
ther feptimo, vicefimo, vicefimo third, but the two, and eleven ,.
And last. The moon, while the sun in the beak above the exceffus again.
enneadecaeterico cycle epactorum formed to show their age.
, Of the moon, so out of this period of the year, in the Egyptian exceffus Epaétæ etiamin.
to be brought forth poffunt. Epaétæ the first year will be exceffus yourfcif year.
Egyptian lo, 15, 2o4. Second year, double those 2 1 6, 4o8.
1) of the third triple. And thus forward. These epaétæ to Egypt a year.
vfum them, whom the wickedness of our life in the annoIuliano to the age of the moon, v t.
Our computer does speak, to the τοπαίω, so that the Greeks, went, and declare it !.
namely, that the regular day to day propofita menfis and when.


Page 135


τέλήη ;. However, they differ in the Egyptian regular regulars Julia.
of the end, which is the day before the calends Regulars of Iulianiin the method of epa.
Adhibcantur not damaged and that, vcrbigratia in Fcbruarii who is duodccim.
jmuS ImCIla; 19? E p h o s s c a 1 1 50 1 G e r i.
the mouse, menfis before Easter Day, when inuestigatur, Days, of the moon, to the twelve re A;.
guiares menfium are used: so many are, of course, how many are from the Kalends.
In March. But a year of regular equable alternate added. For am.
menfium harmed by any peer group are regulars. But their role.
menfium earlier regular services. Example: Pao.
Phi fruitful menfis, so peer group. Furthermore, regular one.
Thoth will be a precedent and Paophi fequentis. I want to nouilunia to him.
The competent to investigate a year in which there will be epactorum Lunar v. It is not.
In the two Regular, and that the two Κalendæ are derived, but vnos only.
affumo, the invention nouilunia into four Paophi. This enables this.
is nouilunia menfibus τειακον $ muía9% on the same day in two Fein.
is detected by means of, in spite of the day before, Praeuertitur a fe B. femiffe
Quen. The first, the second also menfis have nouilunia in it.
the same day, also the third and fourth. And thus henceforth the two menfes in.
On the same day, create nouilunia is not DKE / SSO, but ae ^ ατικῶ ;.
Diet would allow the extent of popular Epactarum system. For.
This lure a year Julian peccatur.Sunto epaétæ Lunar 5.xxix 2 days.
April will be Matt Munday. The thirty days eiufdem that xx v 1 1 moon.
Why Kai. Moon May be XXVIII, to teach epacta. But affumptis.
Regular trinarum day, the first day of May will be nine. Fall.
therefore, a rule in the menfibus epaótarum people, of whom is going before me menfes.
q iaxo / 3fius29. Because the rule is ôz reggae% in one day. Which.
The discovery of the error. In fact, do not anteccdente mense trental Vic 2 ,.
cut affumendi regular fequentis. In the year of origin.
menfes, there are an equal number of those who, he had made no regular have. The menfibus.
, however, the keys, on how many of a new moon flow with the odd numbers, so many regulars.
affumendi. so that the number of the menfium of dividing is done, and producing.
And then regular angles. This is vfus cpaétarum whose diagram.
fubiecimus below. The double vfus. For epaétæ so far nomen.
so long as they retain this battle. We went on equal terms.
nouilunio. For example, Epaétæ primianni eixoavra% £ T2 / or a dog.
end Nabonaffarifunt, 5, 2, 2, 2 O 689, which you will find in the diagram.
planned. Epaétæ are in the next year 2 1 year constructions, of course ,.
16, 3, 895, and so on. The term grams nouiluniorumprimian
if Nabonaffari in the year, coming up next precedes am.
First Epaétarum whether, in the year 19, diagrams, m.
which indicates the boundary 24, 2 O, 198 V Epaétarum the dice ,.
24, say to Thoth Thoth and made him a regular in the nouilunia the same with a ,.
He estTerminus nouilunij. The same method to others. What facilima.
to learn long Epaétas down, but a ascendc.
in reality, again, from the first neighbor annumascendentcm Epactis, ejse the first.
 mum.
1.
I.D E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 51 B. 3. 193.

A mumTerminorum. This system, he, fiepaétæ præcifè effet.
days' certainties, doubts and incidentals hours or so.
The result is, that the day of the tantüterminorum, exclufis hours and minutes and Progress.
fu of the time, having beheld the ends of the not being used for. Namin 2; periods of the moon.
anteuertit cycle of the equable on Russia. And so, my chastisement people should.
great attention should, as often as íumma-year-old of the Egyptians, or of the Armenians, ,.
Or do cxccdit oh oh 5 years, or a little more. So it is better.
A B E A T 50 50 4 Men S Marcus | | E B A A A A 50 50 N N o r y M.
FATRISTFRTO RTFATRISTOSTER. 10 P E A N S or V. M.
1Dies E N A T 100 AE. 5 i o n v N 50 1 A.
B II. Monday. Hor. scruples. [Day. Hor. Scrup.
29 i [1 1 1 1 79 3 O z. 87 gä she shall be. Hor. Scrup. Monday. Hor. Scrup.
z | 59 | 3 1 5o 6l O • Z 574 | | 3 3.
3 | 88 | 4 1 4 98 6 2I9II i | | T |., 1 5 2 O 4 _4__8_876.
4 | R 1 8] 6. Oh 2 1 1 1 | 1 2 1 68] [T |, TTT8TA 100 8 1 I7T375.
5] A 4 71 7_15_725] 2 8 3 5 5] [T5 | T8T859 I7TTSTI 8m Emb.
6 | * 77 | . 4 438]: T? 64 | | T4 | 3I3T33 4_33 1957.
7] s o 6 | _17_1 3 5 1 | _3 512 3 6 9 29 35_127 | , | _ _8_8 53.
81 3 6] 5 5 244 | 3 i8 13 6] [T6 | ATI7T7T8] [II3T3 6, Emb..
9) z 6] 5 6 6 57 18 | 4 5_4z 3 | | T7 | 5T8T9E, 5 _ i 5 1 58.
Z o 1 1 9 5 | 1 7_3 79] _4 1 6 7 1 O | | T3 [53TOTAT6 * 23 1 O34.
1 q | 3 * 4 | x 29, 83] 3. 5 997] | I3 [7TT2T557 TERT543 embi.
1 2 | 3 5 4 | _4_3_376] _5 1 4 5 2o | | To | i7TTi7T74i% 339% •.
313 * 31 I - if I 2l * * * 49! ITI | * 8T8T945 5T3T9, 8 Emb.
 . 1 2 | 9 31 356] | . ■ * 714.
• 1 312 O _ *. O 5 6 6, 4 5AO | _.
c] t 50 50 A A A B E R N O V Marcus | | T * i-jj'j, 5TT5TA5] Emb.
Oh 100 100 50 50 E T O R 5 Marcus T5TTToT75 T5TT3T9o5 | .
1 6] 22_11_379 7. ! * 79 !.
years; T # | T3T835 6 1 O T2I6 [Emb].
Hill & i. 1 day. Hor. Scrup. Monday. Hor. Scrup TT3 F 4 4 1 3 O74 i5TT3.
z 5! O 1 1 2 3 3 22 9 57 1T5 ATTAdTI58 TjTSE ,.
5o O 2 1 1 1 83 4 46 7 z To ΈΤΓ3§5 7ΤΓ5, Emb ,.
7 5 | O • 3 1 1 7 3 69 4_29 ΊΊΓ3T13T855 TATTI3TÍ85.


Page 136


*** [° §% i j | -? - '' - 433] [*] §T7T553 | | 7T3T5 # 3 | emb;.
15 O O 1 73 8 6 4 2 3 2 t7 TA [i8t ΣT7T, 5 Γ; 68.
* 7 *] - * - * £ | | - %% -%] ERTÉ¤l | jTETÉ¤l. ",,.
2OO | Oh 8 9 84 3 1 5 9 6 5 3 2 _957 | sp ;.
12 5 | o 1 9 * 7l || 7 3 J 5 3.
** ° C -, - j |; -f £ along Characters and fair dieime.
1):? J 6 4 1 £ thodum Monday traétabis. In this regard,.
1 oso | T5I353] [I3T3T53] grace you with tables for two.
:: £ I: 3-3 | | -1% - # 3] we are in menfibus, for expan.
1 5 O O | 2, 18 9 8 6 5 1 OO. _ • be less ;.
S ;; | ;; T355] [TIT35] f & gathered together at periodic intervals you ;.
j |: - E £ | £ --3- yfus which double as ipfas and DUI. \.
? J £ -II - -a simple. Either side of the front.
5 O O O || 5 ΣΤ5731 | 3i7IEAE low, or through the latter ope194. 1 o s e p h i s e A G E R 50 1 1.
"You are rare. The party is antcrior with colleétafuerit away by A.
about 3 a. nowadays, as fuo the place where it shall be said. Rcfiduum critical exaétiffimum.
nouilunia in hours and minutes, so that Abacus Astronomicus contest.
than He, about to give is not the case. The opposite method on the back side. For.
By ADIC and throwing it through detraétioncm RCS handled. Quodfuoquid.
functioning in place of cxplicandum leave to them. .
500 E A N N o 100 A. gambiae.
Δ n where Qyis 1000 when A & fimpliciffima year format and districts.
accommodatiffima times the bus is CA, which thirty.
`Aerial numbers as well. In fact, in ancient times fanc, præfertim with.
The Egyptians, and the year it was only the days of treccntisfexaginta. He nu B.
mcru for equality diuifione above aptiffimus. Aegyptij merits.
IHierophantae, and, knowing his popularity in the perfeetion deeffe days.
fresh five and a quarter of the year and the Persian um fiquando.
to signify the things they wanted, up the serpent in the world and the circle of cloth ,.
admorfà painted on the tail edge properties hieroglyphic monuments ,.
Perfeots like sun and absolute Zodiac course it does not.
dēficiat, if those five days incidentals winter. (It is different with Eufe.
biumlibro first aegoajSyx6v howl 3%) ot Aiyófilios xae e cujriis άνοίως.
πὸ κόσμον γρχφοής a $ IQ> OG xvx y dee9 {hi & Avgvròv xapdorso and force.
Toy τάνδρον όφω, iiegxduop4oy. xαλὰ ἀπάνχῆμα άς% τα? fiui €%.
τὸν μέρ κυκλον, κόσμον μluúeflé. ROV ÂÈ μάτον άφω QuvsxTixòv% ύre, dyaßò C.
Jajujia (juaioji) invite him to shave Scrpcntcm: How ho.
Coptitae day and Aegyptij vetustiffimi Christian τας ἐπαγομέγας vol.
the sun is the language of ancient Egypt, but it facras vtriufquc tcstim.
menti written in the books, and also in temples facra play.
I find that for a day • From those denoted in Arabic. For all of these.
Apollo Serpcntem it xoruo $ d $ ίαματισμ μον that year, mun.
while King and other signs of writes to be minor. But McN.
I think librarij effects. For, as I have said, finemanni of the solar etiamnum.
} ^ On Aegyptij Christian Ncfi call. But if the flue N E nay.
elegantiffimis verfibus those described CLAUDIANUS Panegyrico 2 in.
Stilico. "..
 It is unknown distance, mostraque imperuia mind.
 Manes and hardly accessible, animorum / qualida mother ,.
Immenßßelumca our lifetime, this had occurred the vafis.
D.
 . $ Uppeditat, reuocatque / mu. finish and go cave ,.
 All those with a peaceful / Imitation mumime's R E P E N S :.
Permanent green / Juam tail restored.
Ore is consumed with silent relegems opening lap / E.
PorroD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 51 B. 3. 19 ;.

A further call ärayoμάω diet is R $ $ ignoy, like an old.
Oh less 36 days fimpliciter native. The attached as I Hierophanta.
had written to you not only properties, but also a story jaws.
Gini & caufae * Ά 'ἐτάχορδόω adiiciebant: Mercury is gambling.
When the moon playing viciffe and feptuagefimo second part.
years from that extorfiffe than 36o days later that there was a limit or.
if old, he added. Way we do things, Plutarch tells us: Tj; Pázς, φασί, φαα.
τέ Register aU} {σορὸς, αύδρόμον άταὸς τὸν Hλιον αυτά, μέτε μlui ,.
μήτε ἐπαντ} τεκά. i %%. róv Eguluj about $ && * AW & ^% i. ά% τωμα, ἀ.
Green Υgás tlu) GÀfi'w and d®% ° ^ g? AXA TOV% 4% ε άρσομποτό σα.
τεg9 from TajToy fiuäegς τὰ σωελᾶν, έ τούς άκον? * 7%; axooicus.
E άπσχαχάν, άς »force i7rayoμ $ μας.
e n r o A I N 1 jtoi Aίχήιοι καλές, ά ά Θεό γε.
IIpoJtm O P 100 Êê'É 1, μ, πάλίες έχεαι. From the outset i.
From AP O R H P & Rica 1 C. We think the effect the vessel. There were ποιχόργω. and soil.
£: 33gg RC v Ifidos. vcrbo classified priuatioearum.
Fite, Nor. H, and O 2 • A ® P c. In ancient times, that nimiruman.
JG 'EE., PGT 3; fuifle tea does not seem to the gods, because.
The adieétæ desirable. ETayoμόρων.
Ægyptiacarum these surnames were, however, set out below fubiecb Funt.
Ægyptiacus of the year for five days as fexaginta ,.
adieótione end of the quarter. He started demanding from Thoth was the first necessary for this.
100 rising-star Sun in Leo tranfeunte, nouilunio. Because Security.
the rising of the Dog Star to the Egyptians from the times and seasons in the year, there was erected a uatio :. &
and this was the epoch of the solar yourselves curfus. And even though their Thoth.
loose forward flee, every fourth year.
intercalabant, as testifies writes first book was about.


Page 137


Άί'ω, αλλ * ά τὸν ἰλιον, τ * ιακον3nuí38, po fi $$ U $ vol τά μῆνας, τάle.
J íuáegς%, έτὰg @% d \ d \ x pivot, ἐπαγεαι. Ε τέτω τψ τεότφ τὸν ύι.
cJaiov xux ^ ^ oy ajaz wg3av. This will be done in this way: Let there be an end in the.
Thoth, on the first of August, in the dogstar is: postquartum a year.
Thoth fuperatis Kai. Augustus goes up for work July. Why Aegy.
Y) ptiorum Hierophanta fifth year at the beginning of the year fuum iig9χλυ.
</ Κόν a fecund time Thoth aufpicabantur and where it fpatium.
driennij xuxàv e / en / jlov called again λιακόν ἐς, also ἐάς Θεά it.
The Sunday. Thus the ongoing demand of four years, from the beginning of the ninth month of the year.
Thoth third thought. Quadrienniapræterierant and many, many άιωφs.
Xuxa; They imagined; four years is a demand άς Θα and answered the call.
ing, a year had passed a balanced and props up our tottering, p'R 500 A NT R E M. Ver.
bi the grace of: the day of Paophi Now let us examine vicefimo fexto, who is to be fruitful.
2. A menfis ;.
196 1 1 o s e p h i s c a 50 G E R L
menfis. A new moon Thoth, the sixth vicefimum Paophi, flu A.
Fifty-five days fighting off weight. through the four ring.
They give thirteen & Ntshav @ ¢ 343 in three quadrants, and vicefimum.
fexta the fourth quarter of the year x 1 1 1 1 canicular. In keeping with this.
In the letters fubsignabant and facris books: A C T V 1000 A N N 1.
500 1 Qy E A R T E CIM 1 500 500 A 1 Qy L A N T E R T A Qy. And because.
year of the, as I have said, and called for their Qv parallel to the A 500 R A N T E is equal to 1000, on account of.
ise9yλυφλός to designate him willfully forget, the fourth part of the modes of ar.
responds fen area of ​​paint. Horns Apollo% &% y / zgóvov ypd.
4oytg, τζν λg eg $ &% p% 4eQiy. ά σὸ μάτςον γῆς ή έe9veg, 7% y.
£ Xaet. § »άμ $ μοί τε ἐῶς άτὰ, A P t e t t o n y ^ £ & OV. άτe.
J%, φασι 3 are "ala% λω 3d 29V * *> & £ $ £ o ;, u and d *» * DKA.
J ;, τάγ íuíegς τςοςri @ $ £), άς άναι%%% © e o m τ: ιακο.
o ay% Tov% 7ráta íuggóy. 63ay & δέ τετψαςτMeid © z ^ $ to'w fiuáegy Cl.
e / 3p / 3ov Aiyjìoi. % $ Tiara? τάρα ήμάegy dragii%. Lib thing.
1. xxx 1 x 50 1. % Di £% xaT 'Aiyojîiov $ τεοπαςων άγιαυέγ. And clarity.
have fled not only from the last four years, in the Egyptian, and the square of fifteen.
Nov. éylowrów consists of lines, but also simple year Q_v A.
500 L A N T E 1000 called. But it is less appropriate, no falfo said, δια.
τετςαςτη2id © z $ io'w 'fiuáegy count, no δια ταγ (αετMeid \ @ this.
The fourth year of completion fifth ineunte.Videntur are sending or writing.
HALO Greek word, and read and άναι%%% © EOM agiaxooioy.
áíkoy% 7rátæ fiuegów and ἐπ τςὸς τὰςτημoei8. Why error Cenfori C.
mis ways when talking about this year first and foremost because xuvxòv.
éyô / jlbv be alone in saying that it is many centuries old.
it costs. but also those who think that 1 year 46o Julian Thoth in turn.
Sunday thong same place, which is why the journey had been for so many years.
A supper a little while before difputauimus, THOTH his journey from the rising of the Dog Star.
Ikalis. August, after years of 146o himself are absent from the rising of the Dog in the world.
to provide very days, more or less, of nine. This is the fourth day too.
intercalate Aegyptij each year, and in himself are rising-star homes.
This is evident from the observation of labor, the environment and the periodic storms.
Then supposed to be made every fourth year. Being the purification.
fuum circumscripfit, intercalary year. Pliny, Book 2: Of all.
Indeed, / he wants on / rescue mimimum setting for the return / AEM changes square.
ennio Eudoxus he thinks, not the way of the winds, verum6 the other two.
horrible tempest: this, for the most part of it. There was always the lustri intercom.
warfare, ammo, rising. Haetenus Pliny the book XVII 1 and the loser.
pestates ipfas on for four years, to have the care of the burning heats, & eafdm not a great calm.
of the Sun to return to the aspect of the difference between: O & tones can be increased, however, the fame, centefi.
NMA over with a moon, that there is nothing else at hand, longer than four years Iu.
• lian, 500 E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 E. 3. 19 ;.
1.
;.
....
v.
Aliane be Xavxglászov £ * £ tianuaoi), and doubled twice for the body.
DCM years. Not only does it profit to Egypt and then fuifîè Eh.
doxum of Lacrtio and others agreed, but also to whether the fourth.
no exact method to stop the Greeks prodidiffe growth together with Stra.
so, although much earlier Greek vfurpatam know. How.
cpocham first menfis Iphitus feruare potuiffet? Either here.
it is clear that, close the lustrum of Eudoxus has no other purpose than the four years of the great Can.
culare AEgyptiorum fuiffe. and this is ipfum Eudoxus, from the fàcerdotibus.
Egyptians didiciffe with eorumgratia in Egypt, avowedly burn effect ,.
And there will be broken through Oétaeterida conscripfiffet. But it takes away all doubt may be Ca.
Niculaus rising adieéta mentioned at all. However, the biggest year of jackals.
BLARR return, I do not need effects, such as the rise Ihoth Kan.
joy, is not incurred, but not, as a solid of 1 46o to fall out of the year, in the Egyptian.
This accidiffe VLPI and Brutio praefentia c o s s. Cen is the same as a witness.
Forino. quotemporeThoth has fallen into the xx July the Sun is in Leo, the crossing over.
it has happened through the rising and already imminent, a year against.
naffaro 886 1 38. True άιαὐlός ΘEOr Christ, fine xuvxòς ,.
agreed four years, Egyptian and day of the four quadrants.
diurnal time divorce. , However, the period of the Great, whom he xwixêy.


Page 138


nicularius solid 365, as many as there are in a day in uniform.
This is a really big year canicular diet because many dog.
ccularibus years, it is clear that, equable, and the year the number of day, so has the absolute.
frankincense thereon: in the rising of the Dog does not fall into the same, however, that, on his Thoth. For.
Replace any desired period it can establish large. Triple.
So it canicular year. And the big consisting of four years.
a quadrant: so the dayes iourney, which takes place in the quarter of the rising of the Ca and keep his
crow. Also bigger canicular of 365 big compofito. The MA.
described before, the rising of the Dog Star mense Thoth in the incident. But if the year.
he, the one who fell in the Confulatum Vlpij, & Brutij praefentia, ve been native.
I spin around, and the year of the great canicular periods of the country, there is now nothing stand in your way.
We could not poffet period, the Egyptian head of real inuesti.
Gare. Cenforinus now with reference cauff canicular year.
500 attaches great importance to the rising of the Dog Star, in whom, though Thoth happened that year to all honest means.
the policy is clear that this period will not effect how yourfcif Intel.
armor. Although there is no doubt from the first Thoth> oj3i6 flue.
Dog repeating effects. By Herodotus in Euterpe of the year.
Ancient Egyptian power following stand out: the time of Herodotus to its ,.
Egyptians believe that the creation of 2 years and 34 °. eofquc to enter.
Twice this time for the sun to rise and occafum mutaffe. Although.
the first of the front of the fabulofis, it seems, it does have an implied fpecicm.
A € I1,198 1 3 W o s e p h 1. S C A G E R 50 1 1.
true. Namin one of the great period of the sun changes with confidence once menfi A.
the bus in the Egyptian Thoth solstice in the beginning as they stepped ,.
After 3 O 7 years, in the winter, fall into any of its menfis.Sed.
It has not been occafum and rising daily.
vi. Miffa that those lies and fomno MTETNTSTEISE [E ,.
AEgyptiorum make. Neceffe above Peri • * * • o • v • J5 JE.
When we define in the day cundem In ;; - [* ;. |.
Lian, of which he was a journey, not a | 1; siTlI3o | t.
the rise of dog. And the beginning of the -f; £ | ;.
fuiffe period from the rising of the Dog, when Γλα.Ίί55 | 1.
Indeed quarters in the rising of the Dog Paxif. 1 8 9] _3_.
tercalabantur and rising by the same putaban - £ t e]}.
appropriately. Although, as we said, the year fracture m | _>; 1 | * 7 * [Σ.
tion does not allow this. From this it appears that the #; £ | +.
This great period of four years for uaavet. 39 E | 1.
one of the greatest years CaniQularis accepted inaya and Au. 3 6 5 || 3.
& Eiufmodi thirty days, fine years, CA.
nicularius, ejse menfem of that of the greatest of the year, which would be established years have one as much.
1 2 O clustering. But more a year Perfico difputabitur. MEN.
{Egyptian art, with properties Characters In this latere.
conieci sky. .
500 E 1 S A N N N A B O N A L S A R
AR Q y p t 1 1 100 A St.
E t e r e s Aegyptij renewed at intervals of years fuorum ,.
Whenever a new law gave the kings and Victoria. Yes.
 There is no doubt that they should always faepe faétitaffe. Antiquiffima him.
Rum age, each of which is fixed in our memory ,.
These are: Nabonaffari, Philip and Alexander's death, and Philadel.
Phi. Soon after uncertain year fixed position taken by the epoch of Augustus A & tiaca: a.
The last of Dioclctiani than even today's fast.
Christian Aegyptij 1000, J Elkupt. Prime Thoth Nabonafîàri be.
Syria quarter, z February 6, 3967. Therefore, the 500 year period of Julian.
Julian year and a day in the Egyptian Nabonaffari bind radiation.
Remove about 56 days, and bifextis Star. Example: In the Year of the herd.
tis Christ's birth is 471; STAGES Star. Derive.
3967 47 1 out of 3, there remain 747 years Giuliano, or by the end of December.
had not the 3967, to the end of December of the year 471; , But the epoch Na.
bonaffari a 2 6 February 3967 to February 4713. 2 6. & Detra it.
So dicbus 56, rcmancnt years of solid Julian, 7, 46, 3o9 days.
BifextaD Succeeding E N T E 1000 P O R T A 500 V 1000 51 B. 3. 199.
}?].
í1 :.
A Bifexta Julian is 746 years old, that is 186 days, combined with.
o 9. There are 5 days 49 days 5, this year, is one of Egypt a day.
1 3 O bus. Therefore from the very primoThoth Nabonaffari, to the end of the year 471; e.
Rio de Julian, you are absolutely 7 gyptiaco 47 years to dispose of 1; Oh fear.
Besides, begun in the year 748 down DC O 3 1 6 5 3 cubes of the year.
afresh. 5 from behind the 3 z Kai. January varying in 2; Au.
inclufiue was intense. Therefore, THOTH 748 Nabonaffàri falls into it their own.
or pus. Always alertness to 3 years propofitus Nabonaffari. You should be.
the glory of Thoth, throwing aside the fact is, all feptenariis. Therefore Thoth 748.
He began the second week, cyclo IX Sunday, August 2. Thus, from Thoth.
Nabonastari, to the end of December of the year 471; periods of Julian, you would of the year.
3funt Egypt, but as we have absolute 747, Day 1; Oh, who made.
their sakes which 27 days of 2786, so that they will also Alfonfini. Again so many years.
Egyptian power in Julian apply bifexta, which for so many years, Julian.
relevance to many years of Egyptian propofiti ing on an implementation.
and an end time propofitum. And the rest of the year will be Julian. Exam.
plum: 7 47 Proponanturanni gyptiaco absolute Day 1; Oh, in an.
We Julian Day & agencies.

Page 139


That day 186 years of Egyptian drawn down from 747 days to 1; Oh :.
or 746 years, 495 days of the year, remain unfettered by Julian 746 ,.
3o9 days as previously. Again, with the only year Nabonaffari Expand ,.
In order to apply Thoth in the year Julian to find a quadrant years.
100 Nabonaffari deteriorate 56, fiquidem quarter smaller. Remaining.
Julian days were a Kal.Ianuarij. I want to know the moon Thoth.
Oh Nabonaffari 12 a year. Quadrant 3 O derive about 56 relinquic.
January 27, the last day of the year 119. The 27 Ianuarijerit ncome.
inhibits Thoth. If a quarter excefferit 56, take 56 quadrant. Reli.
Since the days were counted back from the last of December, or, more.
the same thing is to say, Julian, be conveyed to the quantity of the of the year; 65. marooned vi.
tima dics of the year praetcriti. Alexander deceffit 42 years Nabonaffari 5.
Indeed, through the Thoth Nabonaffari, to the Thoth of Philip, fine of death, Ale.
Xandra, Ptolemy attributed interval 4 years, 24 præcifos. It.
drans 1 O 6, deduétione fact, leave 5o. Then, 5o of 365.
Ddiebus they leave the last day of the year the Julian detraóta 424.
x 1 November. So Thoth old Philip owed.
The twelfth of November, on the first day. Nabonaffa years again.
n alertness 1 8. fiquidem not excefferint z 28. The remaining 28 ,.
diuifa leave the cycle Sunday Julian. If they exceed 2 x 8 "I visited.
7. Finally, if they exceed 1 ce 1688 alertness 1 6. But no error.
unwary youths who steals effective Laterculum charaéteris am.
mcnfium in years when the cycle ends Nabonaffari display Sglis.
A July 4.
\.
\.

_.
• _ • '.
2 O I'o's e p h e r i i G 1 Sc A 50.
/.
A T E R V 100 50 50 5 100 S 100 H A R A T E R S 1 mensivm.
NIS in a n G A B O N A S A R »P E R N 100 100 LVM.
Sunday Julian. ».
£, § | Chart & m] cyslussekra. se'crcluSo.
% $ | | , § 13 | j |. <|. |. | § 1 * i * "j." ;;;;;;;, ;;;: i. ';;;;;.
3 § i [§ l; | 3 || , | § || § || § |> §, | § |; | § | `§ 1 $ *" "* 1 $ *" * | £ '*** $.
§ £ | J | § | j [§ | $ | § || § || § | 3 [§ || § | $ | $ | "3 * 4.
oz [o [= | 3 | x | E [3] [3 & | E | E | i | *.
1 | 4 || 6 || 1 | 3 | 5 | 7 | , | 4 || 6 || 1 | 3 | 5 | 7 | E || 19 1 8 | 1 7.
»| T5T7T | T4T6T | t | T5T] 5 [7TTT] 4 [6] 1 | 500 | ao | 1 9 | 1 8.
3] 1 1 6 stepped E |, | i | H 3 | _5 _] _ 7_ | 100 B 4 O 2 1 2 1 9.
 4 [7] ETIAT6T 1 | 3T | T5T] 7] iiat 6 [i] A 3 1 2 2 2 1 2 O.
j | i | 3 | 5I7i3] ΤότΓΒ | 3 | 7 | 3TA] W || , | . . | ,,.
6Γ | 4T6T | 1 | 3 || 5 [7] IAT6I 1] 1] 3 1 5] _F_ || 14 | 1 3 | 2.
-, [5ti 5T7ΤΣTAI3T | t | I3T5I7I TATI6I] £ 500 || 2 5 1 2 4 | 2 3.
'8 [AI | T6TTT3T5 7T | t | 4T6T | t | 3 | 5T | 100 2 6 2 5 2 4 7 '.
, | T5I7T3T4T6 | t | I5T5I7I2I 4 || 6] i | B || 27 | 2 6 || 2 5.
1 O | T6T | ttft; ; T7] TIATI6T 1 3ti 5 [7] t z A 2 8 7 2 6.
1 1 [7] 7TATI6I] 3I5T] 7] 2 1 | 4 || 6] 2 3] G F | 1 | 2 8 1 7.
, Ijjjìjìjìjìjjìj; [Ii] e 2 1 1 | 2 8.
 1 1 3 | 3 | AI6TII 3 | 5 | 7] 2 1 4] 6] 1 | 3 | 5 | P 3 1 1 z i
, 4 [3I5T7T7T4] 6III] 3 | 5 | 7 | a || 4 | 6] 100 1 3 4 2.
5 1 [4] 6] 1 | 3 | 5 | 7 | 2 | 4 || 6 | i | 3 || 5 | 7] 5 4 3.
6 [5] 7I3T4I6] TIBI5I7IETA] 2 6 E § || 6 || 5 || 4.
, | T6TTIBI5T7] t | 4] 6] 1 | 3 || 5 | 7 | by | F 7 1 6 5.
8 | 7 '| T2T4T6TL 1 | 3T] 5 1 7] 2 1 | 4 || 6 || 1 | 3 | E 8 || 7 6.
1 9 | t | I3TI5T] 7TLEIAT6ITI3T5I7I2TAI 500 100 || 9 || 8 || 7.
, Off | IAT6TTT3I5T7] ΣΤΓΑΤ6] | 3 || B. O 5 1 9 3.
1 | ; T [5] 7TTT 4 | [6] 1 | 3 || 5 || 7 | 3 | 4 || 6] A 1 1 1 Q 9.
,, TATI6T | t | 3T5] 7] 2 1 | 4 || 6 || i | 3 | 5 | 7 | 2. G 1 1 1 1 C.
,, [5] 7] T6ITI3T | 5I7IAIAT6I] F | 1 3 | 1 from || 1 1.
24 | 6] 1 | 3 | 5 | 7 | 3 | 4 || 6 || 1 | 3 | 5 || 7 | by | P || 1 4 | 1 3 | 1 2.
2 5 | 7] 2 [4] 6 [1 | 3 | 5] 7] x || 4 || 6 || 1 | 3] 100 | 1 5 | 1 4 | 1 3.
6] 1] 3 | 5 || 7] from || 4 | o | 1 | 3 | 5 | 7 | a || 4 | B | 1 6 || 15 | 1 4.
, | ATIA [6 | t | 3 || 5 | 7 '| 7TATI 6t I t 3 | 5] A G 1 1 6 7 1 5.
 S | T5T] 7T | T4 || 6] I3T5T 1] 7T | 2 || 4 || F 1 6 8 1 7 * i.
Iuliano. Its Laterculi a copy of the below fubiecimus. Diuifis years.
Nabonaffari by means of the seven, the addition of the three, we have said, be left to their characte.
rémThothNabonaffari.quicharaéteri fequentiummenfiumadieétus ,.
quosin of the year in the Egyptian pofuere show I am.
owing to menfium that year would be. However, if you want to mark it with a cycle D.
Julian, the comparisons to be made at this time entered Laterc.
lum. So will consider whether summa years propofitus comes in.
Ira z 28, or in moderation, and the cycle of the Julian to congrucntem Sunday.
on behalf of the new moon, Thoth affumes. By the age of 28 Nabonaffari gods.
see. The remainder of the cycle on Sunday Nabonaffari side finistro.
On the other hand illiushabes on behalf of all the Characters of all the menfium of the year.
pofio, and the right side of the cycle Sunday to Julian suitable.
Example v.
§.D E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 1000 50 1 B. v 3. Oh i 2
m.
J.
(.
AExemplum. I want to know charactcrem Thoth 12 years from Nabonastaro Oh ,.
And those belonging to the Roman cycle. Abieétis 28, remain 8.
oétauus the cycle Sunday Nabonaffari. A side finistro you.
8 year cycle Nabonaffari, I Thoth 4, Paophi 6, Sec. And because.
12 O 2 are within 28 years, the right side of her cycle, Julian answered.
to 6.

Page 140

 On the Thoth 4 for F. Hence began.
the letter F, 27 January, as had previously been explicauimus, It was asserted that it can not be thou, which art.
This is convenient burn vfus Laterculi those who Ptolemæum Legum.
But if the number of years Nabonaffari excefferit z 28, then se.
the second pillar of the cycle, it is affumenda of Julian, as his title indicates.
For example, in year 2 3 2 will have the same cycle Nabonaffari VIII. In J.
Bcunda column to refpondet Cycle 2 5 Digest. For this version So.
minicaliserit E D. On Wednesday, in which the O 2 1 eratinliteraF blows.
rit in literaG, December 3 o. Scdquia the rest of the menfes Nabonaffariper.
Julian refer to cycle Sunday, 2 6, must carefully avoid adolef.
Afterward came also, always the same cycle, lasting for the whole of the year, let them not suppose vfurpari.
This only happens in four years, that is, 2 of 4, 2 2 5 2 6 2 2 2 7 in.
The first column. The prolific in years 1, 684, 1685, 1686, 1 in 687.
the third column, in the years 3144 »3145, 3146, 3 147. In all the rest.
Julian cycle two years who always claim to meet Nabonaffa year.
vi. Quareit cycle Julian cycle Nabonâffàri refpondet resting in the region ,.
This, he says, estcyclus Thoth, and if there are others who menfes, or inside it.
100 whether the cycle. For it is clear it is not all in one cycle of the year, Nabonaffari.
Julian standpoint. CEI, forina writing gold fuum the bill.
Christmas day of the year Dionyfiano z 38, cyclo Sunday xx 1 1 1, Moon.
XL that we know of in Iphias Jn 14 since the beginning of time.
The great and give them a summer writing and TIFF and anti season.
continued rescuer. It then writes that year Thoth Nabonaffàri they do not.
gentefimo O & tagefimum on a sixth incurriffe. d. v 1 1 Kalen. M.
Has this estinxxv June. Abieétis 28 out of 986, remains annuscycliSo.
Nabonaffari fextus issue. In the second column finistra the cycle of the sun.
z 3, as propofuimus. On Thoth grain. The Sunday version cy.
CLI z 3 is A. G. Therefore, the second week of June, which is highly prized and twenty three. Analytically.
Ibterea quadrant 986 years, namely, 2, 46, 56 derive, rclinquo.
19o. What & ipfa amount derive from the Julian year, leaving 175 ,.
the last day of the year 985 on 24 June. 5. The 2 986 in the Thoth.
In the same Cenforinum had already stated that, VLPI & Brutio Præfentc.
c o s s.anno Nabonaffari 886 neomeniâThoth incurriffein XII Kal.
Of August, it is the mistake of librarij, and not error Cenforini. For the hundred.
Ægyptijdant square, Caniculares xxv.hocest years, twenty days. Added.
2 5 2 to 5 June, July 2 O incidisin. Pcriclitcmurcxasidomotegi;.
I3I1§.
l.

* 2 O 2 ', O 1 s c a s e p h 1 50 1 G e r i.
drans years 886 to 165, 165 of the 365 deducted deducted 56.Rurfus A.
they leave their z oo, that is to say 19 July, the last day of the year 885. Why.
Thoth 886 began on July 2 o.Abieétis 28 out of 886 follows the cycle.
18. Nabonaffari the side finistro indicates the condition Thotham 7 in.
on the right side, may be fruitful Julian VII the pillar of the cycle of the sun. On joy.
Esqui to be feptimi charaeter xx July. However, quicker, faster & diet ,.
they shall give it to the year of the three things I make for the addition of a new moon Thoth Nabonaffari ,.
I cast and tie all feptenariis. Now the method of the moon in memory.
fibus Nabonaffari come. They, therefore, for the most part of the fatisfecimus ,.
in general άκοστόαem? this is from the years of the equable previously. PTO.
Hemæus book V of the first set nouilunia Thoth Nabonaffari 23. μά.
*%. that is, Thoth xx 1 1 1 1. In all the minutes and 44 ', 17 ", which is to B.
the Chaldean redaéta made 24 days Thoth, 1 hour, 7, 77 a.
Thoth the end of the first year eixooTay% £ TeiJG) Nabonaffàri it.
Twenty Four. Now we have initially, épactes down 5 against the limits of AF.
start. If the first four year term, xiii, which is an approximation.
withdraws, it will limit fertility, and thus forward it goes higher. Where.
terms of the order and structure of fuum digested easily fitus EMBO.
lifmi a period of years Nabonaffari facts. It is anathema.
The less άμέολιμαθ, which fcquitur term is greater. So the word gram.
third, the year of the third has 3 for the term, fcquitur whom the xxii, three times.
Nminus even bigger premise. Therefore 1 1 1 AP / £ @ ολμύ. Where.
animaduerfis, the period of the Nabonaffari, his embolifmi do not differ at C &
They quit their ftands & Progreffu enneadecaeteridis extent fep.
Likewise former embolifmi funtin third years, fextus, oétauo, eleventh ,.
fourth, decimofeptimo and zgth components, such as Enneadecae.
teridi. the other two are the Enneadecaeteridis. For EMBO.
lifmus VICEF fecund first embolifmus enneadecaeteridis.
in the third year. Embolifmus the last term, is abundant in the year.
fexto enneadecaeteridis. Therefore, a new period was to be instituted, of which the.
ἐποχω the first year of its first nouilunij Nabonaffari. Reliquian.
unless they are really Chaldaici, since they belong to the enneadecaete.
rida a Chaldean, nor does differ from one another, save that she has epochen Nebo.
naffari have implied. Now the board eixooTey% © £ Tgid double D.
cem committed iniquity, so that pugillar TWO-LEAVED, which he calls the two Aufons. The first consideration.
will hold, is, as we have said, annosperiodi, the first of which is a mere historical epoch.


Page 141


postulated, cum ipfa epocha impliciti. Subsequently pars, quê & dextra, ha.
Better those annoying years, which we will post later we will speak.
Dictation prior to part 24, 17, 77 or later, subsequent pars.
5, 6, 3io. Porro prior pars indicat feriam nouilunij, later we say.
  menfis.D e E M £ N D A r. T E M p o R v M Li b. III..
2 or 3
Previous pars
ANNIFERTCYCLOST.
C O L L E C T I..
Later pars
Years to.
) Fira cyclos. Hor Scrup. IDies. Hor Scrup.
catch & i
a 5 | 3 * * _ 9 57 | [or 1 1 2 3.
5 or | 7 TATI 83 4 | | oTTAA6.
 7 5 | ATASTi] [oT} T335.
• 1 or o | i 1 9 5 88 | | or 4 49 *.
1 to s [5T8TA35]] 5T5T3T5.
1 5 or [, T7T5AT.] [3T3T755.
* m 1 7 513T3TET 9 or 7 86 I.
|; B, or c |} TT5TT53] [5T5T5E ,.
 ,, 5 | 7TIBTT555] | oTC 17.
a 5 e | 4Ti xT530] [6TTTI5G.
* 7 5! 1 1 1 8o7 | | or I, 173.
3 or or | 5 1 or 684] [o_13_396.
3 z 5 | 1 9 5 6 1 | | o 1 4 5T5.
3 5 or | 6 8 43 8 | | o 1 5, 64 *.
3 7 5 | 3 7. 3 I 5] Io 1 6. 765.
4o or | 7 6 1 91] Io 17 I 388.
4, 5 | 4T5 69 or 1 8 1 or 1 1.
45 or [TI3TG33] [STAGI33.
4 7 5 | 5 2 9 or 3 | | or z 1, 177.
5 or or | 2. 1 78 or 1 z 3oo.
5 * 5] 6_ or _ 657] Io 2 3 423.
'_ \ 5 5 or [, TÌ3T53A] | ÌTOT5AT6.
I C) 34, [5TjTi] | ITI33 ;.
6oo | 1 1 488] | 1. 79 * I '.
6 2 5 | i'2o 1 65 | | i ') T 9 1 5.
] 6 5 or 14 1 9 42 | | 1 4 1 o38.
67; | ÌTÌ7 999; -a- ;.
+ or or |; TI3T376] [7T7TSA.
,,, |, TÌ3T753] [T3TG37.
7 5th 16 1 4 _ 63 or | [1_9_45 o.
7 7 5TIBI307] | IoI573.
8 or o | 7 1 2 3 8 4 I, 1 1 69 6.
8 2 5 | 4 1 1 __ a 6 1 | |! 12 _ 8 1 9.
8 5 or [1 1 or _ * * * 1 13 94 1.
87; 5T5TT5] [TITAI335.
9 or [* 7 27 *] | * ° r ° *.
9 1 516 _ 6 _ 842] [1 7 * 3!.
; D | % ETÉ ÉTÉ.
97 5 | 7. 4 6 9 3] [39, 477.
1 ο ο ο | 4 3 48 or I 2. O 6ο ο.
z oo j, ZT; Z5] [T5TTTE.
'; o o o '; TToTT5 6G ÍTÍÍT 7 1 o.
do it • Mor & erup Fair. Days Hor. Scrupu.
TA B E L THE OPPOSITE.
T 1 or NI s L vM1N TO RI vM.
for menfaces
Previous pars Later pars
Aen Dies.
fium ,.
1 | 1 4 [7 1 8 3 9 6 1 5 5 684.
2] 44 | aT7I3E] [T5I6I37 ;.
} | 7 3 |; 'i 9 9 62] | 1 6 4 1 7 8.
4 | 1 or 3I5 8 6 1 5 1 6 1 5. 465.
3 | 1 3 * | 6 * 1 3.3] [17 • 75 :.
6 | 1 6 to 1 1 or 4 1 17 1 3 1 or 39.
7
8
9
7 | 1 9 1 | 1 to 2 834] [18 1 a4 6.
21 i | 4 '■. 547] [**. '* 533.
[15 1 | 6_ or__36o 1 8 2 3 82 o.
1 c [28o | 7 1 2 1 or 5 3] | I 9 1 1 z 7.
1 1 | 31 or | z 1 7 66 19 2: 3 1 4.
1 2 '3 39 | 3 1 4, 479 Year: 9 6th 1.
mcnfis. Vtraquchoras, & scru.
pulos Hanc pcriodum ante.
ceded Oppopitionum table.
in menfib Nabonaffari. what
in gratiam corum confecimus ;.
who Ptolcmaeum lcgunt: vt fi.
ne magno negotio & labore ,.
Lunaria deliquia ab antiquis.
obseruata, what a little appud il.
lum scriptorcm, rcperiant.
Coniunétiones autem lumina.
rium petendae works ex Table.
menfium, what is initio huius.
pofuimus books, vbi mcthodum.
years old tradimus. Po.
Stremo Antepofita est Tabula.
for expanfas colleague periods.
quam ad 3ooo annus cxtcn.
dimus Hoc quoquc studiofo.
I worked in labor.
Monday, & oppofitionibus colligcndis. Methodi fumma haec est: Ab.
annis Nabonaffari propofitis abiice femper minorem numcrum an.
norum infinistro latere Tabulæ majoris, cifamfipraecifè inueniuntur ,.
\ Wt fi * • *, • • Io s E p H i. S c A L 1 G E R 1,.
A.
Tc and C L V S. N A B O N A S S A R I P AND R.
 A N N O S E X P A N S O S.
Previous pars Later pars -.
Anni Ter Nabgo. Ęi. there scrup feet, hor ScruP. § ;;; Fair Hor Scrup. Ę. Epa & ae.
1] z 446 17 77 or I. 5 ° * '* 1 [7. 1 2. 5 3 81 2 5 | V.
2., 4 | ATT536 1 5 21 _5 '4 114. 2 I. 3 3 4I I 5 x V.
; | , ÌTÌT537 £ 6T7I71 8 Emb. 3 [/. 6. 1; ol 4] XX V.
4 | 1 217 §T5; ; 7 15 1 * 9 4 [I. 3. 7 1 9] 23 | V 1 I.
51 1 1 | 4 17 T7A7 I8T6 333 315. 1 2. 8 1 5] 1 2 | XVI I I.
& | , |; TAT5A3 28 11 _537 Emb. 6 | » 1 1. 3 1 1 | 2 | X X V I I I.
, | , «| TTSTT5; [9I73 io8 7 | i. 1 3. 89 6 | 2 1 | I X. B.
s | 9 | 5T8T978] [at i 5. 1 5 * Emb. 8 | 6. 3. 69 1 | 1 or I X X.
9, 8 | AT5TA? 7 1 17 ° 4 3 9 15 1. 2 or 1 | 29 | I.
, or | 1 7'TT5TÍ35] | 1 2 8 347 i o | ». 9. 1 o77 | 1 8] X I I.
,, | , | 3TTET, 5 22 23 1 95 1 Emb. 1 116. 18. 8 7 3 | 8] X X I I.
1]], 5 | ATET 6 1 817 _4_ x 46 * 1 1 | 5. 1 6 3 8 1 | 4 6] I I I I.
I 3 1 5 | T6TATA 14 17 666 1 3 | 3 • 1. 1 7 8] 1 6 X I I I I.
I 4 416 I 5: o 1 5 _8_870 Emb. 1 417. 9. 1 or 74 5 XX V.
1 5] * 315 1 1 799 6_ 1 i _ 38; 1 5 | 6. 7. 5 6 3 | 1 4] V I.
1 6 | 1 to |> T? : I595] [7. * 435 1 6 | 1 6. 3 59] 1 3] X V 1 I.
17 2. 17 6 ​​3 9 1 17 17 689 Emb. 1 7] I. I. I 5 5 3 xx v 1 1 1.
I 8 2 1 | 6_3_980 [8 I33 Ioel I 816. 22. 7 4 4 | 2 2 | X V I I I.
'r9] 1 o3 rx. 776 '2. '333 Emb. 1 9] 4. 7. 5 4 | 1 1 | X IX.
zo] 2 9 1 * _ 1 or _3 35 ° * 3 725 £ | 2 or | 3. 5. 49 | 3 or I X.
2 1 | 1 8 | ° _ * 9 8 1.] *! 4_999] 2 j | 7. 13. 92 5 E X I.
2 1 | 814__3_257 * 1 x or ix 3 Emb. 2 2 | 4. 2 1. 7 2 1 | 9 I X X I C.
z 3 2 7 | 3 1, 466 1 1 1 6 1 4: 2. 313. 1 o. 75 or | 1 8 I and I.
24 | 1 617 io 1 6 z. '3 * 3 8 1 8' 2 41 I. 5. 2 6 | 1 7] X I I I.
, sl 5l4 1 9 5 8 '| 1 4 4 io. . Emb. 1 5 5. 1 3. 89 8 '6' X X I I I I.
*.
Vt fi propofitus fit annus Nabonaffà 2 2 5: quamuis is numerus.


Page 142


ment. The remaining 2 pctendi the Table 5 years expanfa. If Visig.
Thoth nouilunia be aware of that year Nabonaffari, take numbers.
2 years on the front side oo had a Z 2 5 rejected. namely, 3, 1 5 ,.
96. Item numbers in Table 5 years old expanfa 2, 4, 19 ,.
38. Put together. produced nouilunia Thoth 1, 1o, 154 Addetria D.
Nabonaffari years. Throw 7. 4. The rest of the week, a new moon.
Thoth. The border nouilunij V, over 2 years 5, indicates nouilunia.
um elapsed from the gods and on the fifth day of Thoth, which is the first day that the reality e.
The gathered together. But if the term does not indicate that, although the number of parts.
explicaffent the latter. The number of subsequent years.
2 oo is O, 8, 984. Also, over a number of years eiufdem z 5 ,.
He is z 4, 4, 1 O 2 2. Compound. Z shoots 4, 13, 92 6. Away from the 3 o..
I _ RelinquunD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 51 B. 3. aos.
:.
A Relinquuntur 5, IO, 1 54, is the fifth day of Thoth, oh after 1 hour.
meridie, scruples. Chald. 154. Remember, however, doubts the Io8o.
lost, by 2 hours, 4, fair from 7, the day a 3 Oh. When he collected the day.
postcrioris parts, removing the radiation thirty exceffus tricenarij. Va.
cxploratius to establish their faith in the method of endangered or Eclipfin Lu.
to bear that same year 2 2 5 has reached detect poffis. With them.
John feet for an hour, loo afternoon Phamenoth 17, hor. 1, 28 a.
After oppofition medium. Oppofitio then half an hour of 8, 988.
Dics Phamenoth 17 to 197 a day from the new moon Thoth. Then remove it.
Term, that is V, a 197 2. Take oppofitio 19 are left.
NCM nearest small number 191. The number of anterior 2, 2, 2, 834.
BIunge with nouilunio Thoth 1, 1o, 154. Their oppofitio Phamenoth ,.
4, 8, 988, for example, was propofitum. The year began on Wednesday. Add.
Characters Characters Phamenoth of the year from a small baked menfium.
Egyptian. Ncomenia Phamenoth fuitferia z.eadem holiday fortnight.
Therefore, xvii Phamenoth almost 4 that indicates epilogifmus. But if NC.
I should know I will, nevertheless, by the posterior numbers that collegiffem. A sedan.
oppofition country after 191 to 18, 1, 246. Combine with 24, 13, 9 2 6.
nouilunij Thoth. Throw O 3, (fempcr be done, if necessary).
They are 1, 2, 15, 9 2. Dcduéta about 3 Oh, leave 17 days, 8, 988. ER.
Go on 17 Phamenoth, almost 4, at 8, scruples. 988, the middle op.
pofitio bodies. Why if Terminiiidemfemper effects poffent not.
100 & inuerfae the native method in the second part. But the 5oo years.
two changes. Overthrown the slaves since cos z, z, the hours of the Moon. Why did refuge.
While the numbers vniuerfam. Example: In Nabonaffari 547.
failed moon Mcfori 16, around hour. 7, the afternoon hours.
the twelve, in front of the middle of the oppofition. Therefore, the middle of the conjunction of the will not.
Am hour of 19 pm. First collect the numbers 52 5.
years last Minor, 6, oh, 657 or in tables.
regionc years of military expanfa 2 2 numbers 4, 3, 957. property.
citurnouiluniumThoth, 3,4, 534.Iam Mefori 16 to 346 diesanco.
meniaThoth.Terminusanni 2 2 nempe8, deduétusde 346 relinquic.
oppofition 338 in menfe 1 2.cue menfis number of prior 3.14 ,.
P 479, with moon Thoth decided oppofition Mefori 6, 18 ,.
1o13. There was, therefore, nouilunia day of the week fextus, the new moon Thoth feriaquar.
xa. Characters Mefori adieéta decided that its moons and 15.
ciufdem menfis, writing 5. Therefore Mefori was 16 oppofitio mcdiacircitcr.
19-hour vtpropofitum there. Now, if fecutus fuiffe Terminus and over.
raffia ends of the oppofition diesolido. Namterminus 8 to 339 appofitum.
accomplished most of them, which is by 17 days 347. Mefori, 'And so, in recent years, not 16. 547.
Exccdunt term limits Monday Russia. But in regard of the number of the second.
S tutiffima2 o o s e p h 1 6 1 50 1 s c a e r i.
tutiffimaest method. 52 years later numbers 5, 2 and Z to A.
ie TI and made 2: 2, 19, 546. Those numbers are added oppofition 339.
on the back, the O 2, 9,6oi. Conflantur 1 355.67. Deduéti.
about 3 Oh, leave 16, 18, 1 ot 3, but oppofition Mefori day.
Make periculumomnium defeétionum Lunar whatsoever today.
by Ptolemy. Always the same persistence and development. One.
I welcome the so much, that they do so unwillingly epochamNabonaffariaPtolemæoprae.
the written apposui, lest I seem, nor arrogant, who look upon her contemfif.
masc, or fupinum, those who do not animaduertiffèm, of these, as the abilities of their own.
the pore, nothing is not in the goods they lie. In fact, from the truth of Eclipfi of them.
epilogifmo epoch of the first nouilunij Nabonaffari, 2 to 4, 18, 42 3.
IDiffèrentia her and Ptolemaicæ, Epoch scruples. Chald.7; 3. what role B.
defeétionum urged not to be disregarded. And so, if any, that lies by its side ,.
epilogifmo lunar, he reaches the radiation is joined to the ends of the middle ones.
And vanished, from which many minutes have gone, the leader epoch of. This.
I wanted to remind the meantime. Estanobis matter and other public tetradita fuiffe.
5 R E P E A L N E 500 5 1 500 1 100 o C.
5 E P E R S A R T E R 5 1000 5 M.
1000 N 1 B vs. nations which are in equable Vfae from.
it was the beginning of the year, the head of the same. Therefore, the fame the new moon being men.


Page 143


He changed. For the five other incidentals another day has confidence.
abroad. Chaldean bear, Armenij, Aegyptij, one, eundemquean.
whether they knew. But the last five days the situation somewhat.
the state of the Diffimilis to each of those years, he did. In ancient bear.
, the year was the same, which in that day, of my thirtieth year menfium the twelve, &.
appendicum five days. Q Curtius third book: • 2ragi limit.
my father carmem chanted. • 2 / agos fexaginta three and five.
juniors / equebantur, rocky robes during the entire year PA.
that number. This clothing. Just as Aegyptij year.
fuum called the dog, who four years and fimplicibus.
the blocked consisted of four years so that bear the old fuum D.
A V E N Z was used instead. J99 * ​​For those with 5 to start the spring.
The word is ovvs N 501 E's, quasi say venuseidw. For example, AR.
gyptij rise Dog on to what was happening increase into account.
feruarunt so the vfque bear to this day the vcrit.
and a title of the times, not only civil, decide that epoch, but.
Even the dinner and fireworks profequuntur. Of course, Lopez ranking.
gncda evidence of fexto Cap. 1 x 50 V, writes Lufita.
* '' InOIUlI11D from E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 51 B. 3. 2o;.
J J * \ *] 309] "500 i e s TINOTMTNTA.
E '• 3l8l "mensivm | Diervm month.
eJZ / y / x 1 Oromazda.
And y * & * | ** 2 $ ehemen.
100 "y) a; 3 Adarpaha / HTB.
J% j ^ »1 • 4 | schahariuz.
j ') o ...]] 8 5 | ca / phandaramaz;.
s] j = $ 6 chardad.
& Jo O | J 7. AMardad.
Jelsum from. 8 Zoibadar.
δι} όμ> 9 | Adharabam.
E \ <° JJ * | . $. N. Choramah.
J •} *** [3 11 Thirchußh.
J • ® © | Q G 12. | Behamhar.
J * j * JE * A * | 13 [Maharferu / £ h.
Jvlô 14 [Rasshe.
e) ® * / 3 * & *} XV "Phrurdim.
r £ ° | 39 16 $ ehir.
rò _J! Χam x 7 ,.
obi's 18 | 8He.
«S * ^ ®? Je | 19 [Delia.
<) M & F * • "J-20 Dimarad.
\ ... J x 21 ^ fills Aßhmad.
~ <22 F / form.
3 \ ~ 50 za 23% amiad.
OV * ") • JK <. 24 [A4araffhid.
20 5 caemiram.
<¥ ©) 3 = 26 annual.
49viJ | j <27 | Aßhnud.
see.s | ^ <> | 28 [affaumaa.
A. £ j [B2> | 29 [Oh / h.
J% E | J 20 10 | Haßhmußh.
 § 2. morum2 o8 1 1 o s e p h e r i s c a 50 1.
m.
Baltazarem legacy behavior from the person praefeetus Neque Ifmael A.
, If held in a certain town, by the perfidy of the King, that the King of celcbraturus.
èfie usual feast that language Perfica N E R V ss may say, that.
which is to signify the things (Olennius the spring time. Baltazarem Perfonarum be kept occupied.
Paolo Vitelli Prafeétus, so that all the preparations for the feast of the N EVR ss +, &.
the pomp of the royal family of the saw. This one. That even with the old.
writers bear married to seem legitimate, except that time.
in reality still some distance contraets Effe. Today, it is not only wit N E R V.
with most of it is in the mouth of the patient, fedetiam in other nations, to the point.
The Turk, as the solar year Neuruz will call and when the old one.
the right to intimate that many Neuruz have to say how many years.
He is born. So bear fuum year Neuruz named as ÆgyptijB.
Dog days. Nay, more, so that Aegyptij άιωτὸν Θέ, the fic ~ him: Jl.
"§ejs Salt Chodati year, EI-500, that is Sunday. Whereupon period.
The solar d4ctixó years in a human life Astrologers call.
* A 50 c h o 500 Al. I call on the calendar Perfico Enneadecaeteris.
lgJt be. Salmea. This is the period of the moon. But this was different.
Aegyptij a perf & the Chaldeans, that they are fuo Thoth reins of the permit.
terent, intercalation within the care of the ends of the, nor coerce them by force. For how many.
Thoth was the first day of the new moon, and the last four years, many dog.
cespitose, fine and yo / J & © votive thought. The horsemen and bear true for.
finguler, the days of one menfis the appeal of Heroes', that have awareness, or of the kings of.
began to threaten the, the first four years, the name of the first day, and called for their :.
has been rich in four years or less, the name of the of the fertility. Example: In the early years.
great periods flue * A 50 c h o 500 Al, the head of the N E R V vz, that is the ,.
Aequin and action statucbatur four first year they were called Oromaz.
Give. Because this is the first time menfis. According four years.
Behemen call. It is a fertile time menfis. And he did so.
with the addition of the name of the menfis. As if to say: what happened in Behemen Phrur.
din menfis, knew they the things with the effe has been rich in four years or less, that the.
coincided with Phrurdin menfem. After knew quotient effect menfis.
Phrurdin and menfis from the new moon of the first to the second to its Phrurdim ,.
how many days there are, are not they did not know so many of his fourth year, præteriiffe. But behind.
z o 1 year, menfem entire intercalabant, for many years, O 3.
time periods overthrown the former head of the epoch. For if Thoth.
Egyptian annocoepit to run against Kai May, after 1 year with z o.
Feet yourfcif Thoth discovered at Kai. April. Now, the head of PE.
riod to his old fedes fummoueretur, there is one acJj? »5" Mahebe.
zurgisti, this is a great menfem fluxiffe branded the effect of years.
Question 1 2
! 500 N 500 E 1000 E 1000 E P O R T A T. V 1000, 51 B. 3. 2o9.
i.
a.
.
}.

i ,.
A 12 o. And that the foul fpatium fill the void, the quarter is also present.
The 3 O day intercalabant, for example: After 1 year 2 O, which Estmene.


Page 144

B.
intercalation month of year two. Secundomagno menfe later ,.
that is, after 2 years, 4o, fecund menfis intercalabátur, putaDi. time.
Gods made double. After the third big menfem, that is, years ago.
36o third menfis intercalabatur and year x 1 1 1 menfium spend.
but the policies Behemen. In this way all the Great Ones unto them that sold by an absolute INTERCOM =.
the order of all the menfes it lapse, until the period of a demand of up to the first.
menfem back. Musteraka however, that is ἐπαγόμέρσu not.
old cast upon the end of the year, but only in the end of the menfis, who INTERCAL.
He was BTUs. Why is the year of the big, fine c h o * A 50 500 A1 complete ,.
It consisted years, Julian has been completed 44o 1 that year. Kan is great.
1 Egypt homeless 46o. Appofuimus names on the line.
Rum menfis point, there are indications that quadrant. Refumantur the.
we have said, tametfi whether they liked it δέ τούζ Eiter impelled to do it. When the head of the Salt cho.
dat train an effect once they set it on Aequin & tiV ,.
, which is from yourselves J1Uę we have already pointed out, in JJ & AESIR by the Arabs.
Elinthidal. During four years in what they called Neuruz pray.
Mazda because it was the first time for four years, which began with the first.
the menfis. Menfis is the second time Behemen. Four years.
her name will be plenty for youngsters head fell in Behemen.
menfis. From the fifth year of the death of O & taui, Behemen source.
cat himself and productive four years. The year just equable overthrown.
one day, and the ninth year that found at the Adarpahascht to its men.
fi's, vfc¿; adexitum the twelfth month. From here thirteenth year will begin.
but a Schehariuz vfque going to fextidecimi. This was done until the cut.
Haschnusch reaching what is tricefimo days menfis and confer.
successively tricefimo four years. The more thoroughly it menfis whole perfor.
Cusin rushed the front. For it, for example, had been in the Kai.
Martijinitio quadriennijOromazda after the end quadriennij Hasch.
nusche found in the IVth. April. We assume that menfem fuiffe.
Adar in the Kai. May the Kai. By April 1 O 2 years tranfitum be.
500 to be recognized, the second month this year, and will stop. For the Kai. April ,.
at Kai. May, it will be a month prior, and Musteraka join those it infects.
do not. The year is fequens, namely month later, it will be the first men.
f years until 1 O 2 years to examine and tie Musteraka applied on DL
menfi the first, second and Di begin fequentes year. Everyone here ,.
how many of the great menfes passed through in the place where he knew that out of the Musteraka.
period. For example, if Musteraka the end of the fourth menfis this.
indicated that four great menfes fluxiffe, that is, four years ago.
S 3 1 2 O, 1% O ^ 1 '' 1 o s e p h i s e A G E R 50 1 1.
,, 4. So do not need to tell, how big menfis et al.
£ T said. The fate Musteraka the order indicated. When they again :.
This book is written in third Neuruz Afphandaramaz because Af.
phandaramaz is the fifth day of the menfis, since it was understood to mean a great price.
Menfo current four fluxiffe four years, and the third an effect.
whether the uniform Quadriennij fifth. It is even better from the fequenti Dia.
grammate affequeris. In fact, in the time of Iezdegird Musteraka from the end.
Ἀbam menfis at the end of the month are transmitted.
* *.
 A B O E SHEET 1000 1001 haggle you see in the picture.
MEVRVZ pe r SICI Embolifmi propofitum.
-. ANTIQJ I., B.
ST erak start of the year 1005.
• E Adar XXVIII Mar.
March 2 8 2 3 Χ '-; Jaat tiV. Wahak »fiueEpa.
* A * »• • Hi II.
g gg * | ;; §. 1 2 1 1 DL Gomener old.
26 Tunis; 2 1 on Monday. z 4 1 | Boehme. íum the moon.
July 6 2 2 1 July. . 36 1 | Affhamdar. • • *.
2. Aug. 5. 2o Aug. . 48 1 | Phrurdim. xx February 1, the.
   • S.
; S * |; j £ ,. gg | g | In turn, the new moon.
2. November 3 | 1 8 Nvu. Chart 1 2 7 (5. 2 Q 1 at the end of the year smoke.
, December | 1 8 December. 84 1 | Tr. •.
Jan 22. : CCL; 9 6 1 | Mardad. be the new month.
z 1 Febr. | 1 Feb. 6. 1 o8 1 l Scheheriz vltimi.Neomeniaau.
1 2 3 1 | Mehat. a_be.
 1 4 4 1 'Abam. Likewise Epagomenô no C.
* Yyahac flue Epagomema old uarum transmitted.
 xx 1 February. vyabac change in xxv 1 menfis 23 Martj. So illc.
Integration. The year begins with A.
T "and defines the Abanah habctquc 13 mense, needed to yndecim.
terceptum between the two Aban that the feruatur vfque whether the issues.
if 144o.
 500 E N A L N E G O VA E 500 G 1 R D.
Neuruz until Othman, Ophanim son, Amir Sccnitarum.
 Arab Caliph of Babel, King Perfarum battle yictumin.
Terfect. It was a call to Perfarum z 500 E 500 E g1r that it is.
Arabs: 100 5, ~ <> G5}%. G>) d »• je *}? Iezdegird eben.
Schehariar Ben CUFr. This is the son Siro, filijCofrois. Indeed.
During the £ Schahariar, to our history and call Sirocn again Cof.
roem, whom the others do CUFr. However, the Armenian Halton calls Cofforaffath.
He is marred pad. Legends of a litcrit changes coffe.
]], And Rew undamaged state manferat old periods.
raffach..


500 E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 51 B. 3. 211.
A raffach. G CS;) <> that is, King Cofroes. So bear the name :.
Iezdegird pafar Schehariar pafàri CUFr.

Page 145


it names the Ascaiorth, to the other; COOPER writes in AD 500 overlay ,.
to the town, to whom the name of the mobile telephone. That's true. But why do those.
momen has changed, I do not know. So that is the to be flexible or, & interfeetor, a Saracen force.
And against Othman, son Ophanim, Ceffer complete control, the ipso.
year, which writes Halton, 6; 2, on the sixteenth day of June, cyclo Sunday Matt ,.
Munday 5 I. It was a fruitful year Iezdegird command. Musteraka.
Aban menfis there at the end, when it came unto Iezdegird obtained.
Hum, that scripfit to Ignatius, the Patriarch of Antioch, a tin.
guæ complete peritiffimus. Yourfcif deported by in X X 1 1 1 March ,.
1 ° vt fall into the month of March 8, the day on which it was made up of their own.
Aequin & tiV time to translate and hence could begin with a period N E v.
A Z Iezdegirdici. However, only about Muhamedici period ,.
that for ten years they had before in the cycle of the Arabic..
Why Musters.
ka Tranflator Afphandar to the end, so that the first ncomenia Phrurdin effet.
anini the mouse ,.
Because it was the first.
mouse command Sarah.
cenicum the rogue.
Improperly it.
"The year is.
Iezdegird, quip.
the whole year.
Othman Cali.
phæ first, Sec.
Hegirae eleven.
mouse, rabies prions.
x 1 ns time i t.
In the year was.
no adnotauimus.
From that time.
ts £ MPER year for.
* Lutiore, quaman.
tea, use per-.
fae. For them.
The year that Aegy.
Magick freely.
skips and after.
In 146o years.
SHARING SS ,; '.
|.
© Phrurdin AMenßs.
E \ .x.3> A)] • Áeda Paha / ghth • arensium |.
δι • and lo, | chardad table 4.
E \ "J-S Thir AMenßs 6}.
El • oJsyol.21arded A4enfis I.
E \. : 9,3. [Schehari. Menfis 3.
E \ "_ J & • | .Arehar table 5 |.
E \ "&" \] taint Menfis 7.
e ' "J8] [4dar table 2.
E \ ". Go [Cai Menfss 4.
E \ "M 3ehemem AMenßs 6.
E \ "A" * ") laffhandar table I.
<9; • SA / utera & A, Inari to 3 |.
4. lianos2 1 S 2 ''; 1 o s e p h 1; G E R I S C A 50 1 *.

Lian again for an end Phrurdinin 16 June. We Chaldeans A.
Bear Armenians, Egyptians same year iifdemque moons.
vfos fuiffe, teaches that veriffimum EFFE, and the year to complete. For Quan.
do Iezdegird killed was the same moon gods and finished Thoth.
Gyptiaco was. Thoth was 138o Nabonaffari began March 18 ,.
Wednesday. Also the new gods to accomplish in the day it had incurred.
Tranflator æquinoótium epagomenis by the end of Aban to an end.
Month. He changed the text of the nations of the year, with them being so, si quid, that is.
equable vtebantur year, it was done only to ἀτοχορδέω :.
that which fell upon one another, was to determine the end of the year. And so, where and prosecuted for fe.
are different, the difference was about five days, only the bones or.
B. necef tiquitus is common to all one and the same series menfium
farlo him. Deploying those which relate to i58g4 $ pae, He was not MA.

  •.
N A P H 1 and V CILV N RV rdinum.
E E E G A 1 500 500 1 In c o s p en 1.
teridi Alexandria.
Part of an one third of the posts.
"Years | 1 Fe oh ho ho Re scrum scrum.
ga and 1 Tia. Rae. pul. ria. RZ. pul.
Emb. 1 | '712. 1 9 9 8 22 4 9 82.
Z6l 21 1 1 6 687 3 7 3 9 3 * 100 ,.
3] 1 6 | 6 1 48 3 1 3 2 2 59 7.
Emb. 4] 513: 1. 179 24 1 4 8 I.
* 5 | 24 [2 7 868 5 1 6 1 3 2.
6 | 1 3] 6 1 6 6 64 1 6 7 4 1 6.
Emb. • 7 | 3 | 4 1 1 6 2 from 62 o 46o.
8] 2 1 | 2 * 1 1 8 1 3 i O4O
Emb. 9 | 1 1 | 7 7 8 4 5 1 8 1 6 2 3 5.
 1 O | 3 O | 6 5 3 5 4 2 9 1 8 7 2 6.
i i 1] 1 9 | I4 1 3 5 9 93 O O O 1 |.
 Emb. 1 2 | 8 | z 7 2 1 1 1 5 4 6 2 O 2.
1 3] 27 | 6 2o. . 5 3 5 2 3 5 4 5.
1 ... 4 | 1 7 | 4 5 3 3 1 1 2 18 7 49.
! Emb. 1 5 6 | 1 1 4 1 2 7 2 3 9 9 5: 3.
: 1 6 | 2 5 | 7 1 1 7 1 6 4 1 2 3 64.
 1 7] 1 4 | 4 2O 5 1 2 1 5 3 5 6 8.
1 Emb. 1 8 | 4 | 2. O8 5 3 1 5 1 8 7 7 2.
; 1 9] 2. 3 | 897 x 6 1 2 1 1 8 3.
 2o | 1 2 | 5 1 1 5 9 3 17 1 * 487.
 Emb. 2 1 | 1 | 2 ° 1 489 28 3 5 9 t
2} 2] 2O | O 1 1 1 7 7 8 9 6 2.
* Emb. 2 3] 1 O | 6 x 87 4 1 9 2 1 2 O 6.
 24 | 29] 5 a. O 3 8 3 23 69 7.
. 2 5 | 1 8 | 9 1 1 1 1 1 4 7 9 9 o i
to hand over the rest of the method of the work of the great stone of Abel, since it is like, in fact, the same.
When it comes to old Nabonaffari. The difference is that in both cases.
that cycle of the Sun and Moon. But year cycle of solar Armenia.
  •. • • • delay.
1D E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. 3. 213.
A delayed because Monday is the same cycle, that is eixoovrey% ετΜgk ,.
A cycle is different Nabonaffari ftands embolifmorum. For the first three.
Phrurdin less perfected 7. Therefore embolimæus first year.
above. I have reserved to, how is digested most desirable owing to its form, which fubiecimus ,.
Learn kind. The first year, eixoovTa% ετῆσΘ Iezdegirdicæ is no.
uilunium Him, weekday prolific hour. 19, 98, Alexandria, r 1 1.
Phrurdin. Nabonaffari years, rejected by the year 1579, a day.
9a. It remains an end Phrurdin. For, as we have said, neome.
Nia Di Finish and Thoth Nabonaffari council. However Interferon Oh.
Iezdegird, Musteraka flue Wahak a XXIII March, the first eleven chapters Iunijtranflata.
And so is the new moon: and ἐπαγομέρων Iezdegird xxvi zodx. However, Reet.
} Bmethodus, so little tie and throw off years of perfect 6 years; 1 a day.
166, and the remaining quarter is added to the old days, fiquire.
trust equal. Away from the year 1582. Be Christ Dionyfianus years.


Page 146

 There remains the year.
Julian, 949, 199, quadrant 2 days 37 days adieétus distance.
43 6. abieóta day of the year the amount of motion, and the number.
plus years, those years Iezdegirdici 9 5 of those 71 days.
time out; 65 detraéti leave Octobris 21, the last of the day.
9 years 5o. 2 2 And so, on the new moon of the year 951, he began to Octobris, day of the week.
First. Add two to 951. Throw feptena. It follows the first week.
MA. In addition, O 2 3 3 Nabonaffari year began July 24. Differen.
CTIA, the 9◦. Iezdegird be converted into years of age ,.
Canon directing it. Quadrant years ago.
Rum Iezdegird deteriorate days Refiduo Iezdegird adapted.
Integrity of the year when needed. You will find so many years, Julian ,.
how many on the Cross flowed from the death of Iezdegird. Those may take root or.
We Julian 631, 166 days of the year, we propose the Iezdegird 95o ,.
Day 7 1 to turn up for Christ. 2 3 7 can quadrant.
365. Accordingly, it detracts from the integrity of the 71. be, in suitable abieótis.
z of 37 years, 949 days, 436 years Julian remain incomplete.
clay, 949, 199. To add the roots, Julian 631 years ,.
Ineundae 166 days of the year 1581. Absolute Menfo named.
, 500 ns, which is especially perverted translator Muhamedis Albatenij ,.
and with no better Alfonfini by petition, it turns us away such a way that perfom the contrary, state nihir.
send letters with the same capacity in the form of a tile attempt ,.
• Be patient, however, in that they had the names of menfium to add on a sl are accustomed to.
Rum menfem language means that the names of menfium by name.
menfis distinguish the bus days. For the twelve menfium no.
: Drive, belong to the any one CX diebus mcnfium, Phrurdin, for example.
gratia2I4 1 1 o s e p h i s c a 50 G E R L
\.
Grace name menfis the first year that this is the nickname A.
taedecimæ day menfis. With his voice is accepted for menfe. the end of it.
The fifteen days menfis. Adarpahaschth again fruitful menfis icz.
degird. His nickname is the third menfis. So, in short, of all things.
menfium are the same names and marks menfis days. She was nominated.
na heroes are, Kings, or veterum Pgrfidis. As the first day of menfis.
Oromazda own name, the Greek bulk öguio DA3 or ,.
for example, in quibufdam find de9μαό ;. Qu9 named as the sun ap.
pellabant as equal to the Greek writers. Fecus DC or other name.
the bus days menfis law. Also, reflect the names of days.
In this day in that nation are vfu. The cditione English Albatenius.
are the names of the Perfica, also, wonderfully twisted out of shape, as we have already said. There Iezdegird.
son called hist. Interprcs ​​yet scripferat Kifre. "35> <> it.
Chufrui emphasized, however, χοαegn ;. Below nevertheless offered RI's R E. Rurfus.
She mendofa And the im where it will end, it will be the first time EFRO / ameh things.
e Eueirur days. Law, it will be the first time Efrordim Meh, which is the Euelru <,.
J J 3) Perfect for the first time. The interpreter did not Perfect. Efros.
meh meh declared to be for the Elfrordin with the article of the Arabic din.
»« L c) ®% * J * J quafdam For the first 50 letters of the article αὐκφόησι ,.
Phe in which, however, it is not. There are other things at the same auetorem the.
they are distorted by the printer, such as the end of the Code Arabian recognized.
do not poffint.
500 E A R A N NO EN 1 1000 1000 V O R, Q, V H o 1 1 500 K.
• N 1 1 5 5 N E R S 5 1000 1000 o n e s 100 A C A 50 50 5 1 1 N 1 A.
 Be patient and from the Turkish Kiulfalini called.
Antiquiffima of the year 1000, not only in the form of perfo IXI vs. ,.
Of the Chaldeans, the Egyptians, according to the twelve menfes æquabiles ,.
And incidentals for five minutes and the end of the artistic principles encoding fuiffe ,.
but also, or too small, or even no real difference between fč the new moon being menfium.
discrepaffe. In fact, the new moon being fuiffe the fame, or the internet, or, if the dif.
cracked in, that tranfpofitu five appendicum the chronicles of the contigiffe.
The Armenians also observed the old confuetudo. For.
menfis of the first of them, whom they call the AMI A H s: the new moon, incurrc.
but in V 1 χοιακ. For Musteraka from beginning to end in the Choiac ,.
Harvvatfis however, Navvafari and Hori, this is the tenth vndecimus ,.
And twelve menfis, combined with Thoth, Paophi and Athyr ,.
that there is a difference. This contributes entire year running.
yes, so long as intercalation Finish Neuruz and Salchodai things.
Tinus. Finally, in Nabonaffari 1 3oo, periods of fuse state.
 confusion.
B.
C.
D.D E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 1000 51 B. v 3..
31.
|.
%.
A confusion. Namco their Musteraka, as was required by the order of, a neo.
Choiac walls incepiffent moons Sahami room tallied v 1.
ciufdem Choiac. Mustcraka is equal to a quarter of the new moon Sahami.
the slow-& year that he spoke a couple of days, hich, they had it. Why is this a.
achieve what comes into your mind is not yet able to fish, their historians.
Riis, and the records wanted. This much we know, whether it fuiffe.
whether Nabonaffàri 1 3oo. The moon, Thoth, April vii Monday.
prima.Neomenia of the Armenian Sahami, Choiac 4. whether the difference.
Nabonaffari military and Armenia æquabiles the year 1299, menfes 3 ;.
4. day, that is, the difference Rurfus 94 years of Armenia and.
Iezdegird years æquabiles 79 days 3. PrimiSahamineomenia, almost 3 ,.


Page 147


431 2, neomeniaAb 3, 4: ioiy. An 4) five years ago an annumfuum.
Aufpicari, & inicium tempori fuffurari coegerit, equidem nescio :.
Quamuis and inclined.
animus, vt eamcau.
make innuationis vni.
cam fuiffe credam.
Methodufm conuer.
fionis annorum Ar.
meniorum in years.
Christi Dionyfianos ,.
C & contra, iam igno.
rare non potes, qui.
hoc facere in annis
Iezdegird didicisti.
Detraéta igitur Ra.
says Armeniaca 551 ,.
19th, ab annis Christi ,.
gratia example, I 581 ,.
Remains Iuliani years.
Io 29, 17 5. Quorum.
quadrans diebus refi.
D two appofitus consti.
I have spent some years.
epochæ Armeniacæ.
Préscripts Io 3o5 days.
67, years 1 o; I laben
tis Who days of what
titate anni Angela de.
related business 25.
M E N S IVM A R M E N I O R VM.
N O M I N A.
II.
I II.
IIII.
V I.
VII.
VIII.
IX.
JEE Sahami.
and $ Theri.
Cagutßh.
Arass.
AMahich.
Arich.

_.
necklace.
«Sj).
oS) V «.
J ~ <J9; *.

AMariri.
Marquises.
___.
Harvvatfis.
| XI.
_.
Navva / a.
XII.
3 o.
9th.
I 2 'o.
I 5 o.
i 8 o.
at 1 o.
z 4o.
z 7 o.
3 o.
3 3 9.
} 6 oHuri.
eJM "praEth. 5 6 5.
OάG. {216 I o s E p H i Sc A L i G E R T.
Christi 1 581. Anno Armenia ineunt adde 2. A.
Abseiling feptenary. Remanet Fair Four Years Proposed Armeniaci.
1 Io 31.
isoOo & obr.
1o 31, in 2 5 Ocelot, cyclo Solis 2 2, in litter D. Hinc we declare.
Differenti vnius tridui vides inter annos Armeniacos, & Iezdegir.
you say Vt ex-anno Armeniaco Perficum are you, detrahe 3. Vt.
ex Perfico Armeniacus fiat, adde 3. Sed hoc non femper occurrit. The.
terculum neomeniarum menfium Perficorum, & Armeniorum v.
numfecimus: quia conucniunt in charaetere; disagreeing in cyclo So.
lis Iuliano.
| L A T E R C V L V M N E O M E N I Æ.
Q M N I V M M E N S I V M I N A N N I S.
Armeniorum & Iezdegird.
*.
º.
N.
o.
t.
<.
•.
•.
•.
•.
•.
^.
<.
+.
\.
º.
v.
o.
±.
·.
ţ.
a.
t.
o.
p.
k.
o.
w.
i.
s.
t.
z.
t.
e.
i.
n.
n.
!.
G.
A.
o.
*.
º.
º.
^.
^.
<.

v.
^.
w.
o.
t.
º.
,.
º.
q.
,.
o.
~.
~.
~.
e.
^.
 � .
 � .
3.
5.
p.
z.
º.
i.
v.
i.
s.
o.
s.
s.
u.
p.
k.
o.
|.
*.
*.
*.
*.
*.
*.
*.
*.
*.
*.
•.
•.
►.
►.
►.
►.
►.
►.
►.
►.
º.
º.
s.
º.
s.
º.
·.
ţ.
a.
1.
o.
l.
s.
k.
º.
w.
!
3.
9.
9.
e.
n.
s.
u.
s.
•.
N.
o.
t.
s.
o.
o.
º.
º.
s.
º.
n.
<.

«.
^.
v.
o.
~.
o.
o.
o.
s.
o.
~.
~.
~.
~.
~.
~.
F.
O.
E.
R.
S.
T.
Ę.
T.
õ.
ā.
T.
E.
R.
T.
G.
T.
T.
T.
T.
T.
T.
F.
R.
I.
F.
p.
ů.
s.
º.
p.
º.
i.
s.
i.
s.
ò.
s.
s.
n.
1.
3.
4.
5.
|.
_.
º.
_.
º.
_.
º.
_.
º.
►.
►.
►.
►.
►.
►.
►.
►.
►.
►.
º.
n.
º.
s.
º.
s.
º.
e.
q
ī.
o.
p.
º.
u.
l.
º.
t.
t.
r.
º.
n.
g.
|.
3
º.
".
".
+.
^.
•.
t.
•.
•.
•.
o.
~.
~.
~.
+.
:.
S.
T.
Ī.
S.
Ģ.
E.
T.
Â.
T.
Ē.
F.
F.
(.
F.
E.
F.
F.
E.
T.
T.
S.
º.
u.
a.
u.
i.
u.
v.
s.
s.
o.
s.
s.
n.
p.
Á.
O.

*.
*.
(.
,.
~.
~.
~.
~.
~.
~.
~.
º.
n.
º.
s.
º.
s.
º.
u.
º.
º.
s.
º.
s.
º.
s.
¿.
№.
n.
t.
o.
r.
s.
k.
o.
u.
s.
º.
s.
ū.
ī.
u.
s.
I.

º.
*.
*.
*.
^.
s.
o.
t.
>.
•.
o.
º.
o.
~.
~.
~.
~.
~.
N.
o.
№.
º.
o.
o.
n.
o.
•.
^.
^.
!.
º.
s.
o.
t.
º.
º.
ů.
3.
u.
u.
u.
v.
s.
I do.
o.
s.
s.
n.
p.
Á.
O.
~.
~.
~.
~.
~.
~.
~.
~.
~.
~.
~.
~.
~.
~.
~.
~.
~.
~.
~.
•.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
+.
|.
c.
|.
º.
|.
~.
|.
~.
|.
~.
|.
~.
+.
|.
~.
|.
~.
|.
~.
|.
|.
|.
|.
+.
|.
|.
\.
s.
|.
|.
t.
s.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
+.
|.

m.

·.
e.
x.
q.
w.
1.
.
3.
g.
n.
and.
w.
s.
'.
e.
x.
s.
w.
º.
and.
n.
w.
and



·.
l.
ı.
n.
h.
l.
r.
e.
p.
u.
v.
I do.
ä.
j.
v.



+.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
+.
|.
|.
|.
+.
|.
|.
|.
|.
+.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.

·.
|.
|.
+.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
+.
|.
|.
|.
+.
|.
|.
|.
|.
+.
|.
|.
\.
s.
|.
\.
s.
|.
|.
|.
|.

º.
l.
i.
v.
j.
æ.
A.
a.
c.
N.
].
º.
u.
b.
u.
º.
q.
º.
g.
•.
|.
+.
|.
•.
{.
•.
|.
i.
s.
|.

:.
:.
|.
,.
|.
,.
|.
|.
|.
|.
+.
|.
|.
|.
+.
|.
|.
|.
|.
+.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
+.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
+.
|.
|.

·.
s.
i.
·.
s.
and.
i.
·.
w.
}.
·.
_.
a.
v.
.
p.
and.
·.
l.
º.
|.
~.
|.
~.
|.
~.
|.
~.
|.

Page 148

~.
|.
~.
|.
~.
|.
~.
|.
~.
|.
~.
|.
~.
|.
~.
|.
°.
F.
|.
.
.
~.
|.
~.
|.
~.
|.
~.
|.
~.
|.
~.
|.
~.
|.
~.
|.
~.
_.
".
¡.
№.
T.
į.
V.
'.
u.
from.
m.
2.
W.
'.
s.
m.
l.
>.
s.
ı.
V.
ı.
o.
z.
ţ.
i.
from.
m.
from.
ų.
O.
s.
±.
|.
p.
o.
p.
i.
from.
w.
|.
·.
|.
+.
|.
|.
\.
Oh.
~.
|.
~.
|.
°.
|.
+.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
....
R.
F.
E.
R.
O.
E.
R.
S.
E.
F.
E.
R.
E.
R.
o.
s.
s.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
F.
T.
E.
R.
S.
T.
S.
1.
T.
O.
E
|.
+.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
+.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
+.
|.
|.
|.

vo.
|.
~.
|.
|.
|.
+.
|.
|.
\.
O.
X.
|.

|.
|.
|.
+.
|.
|.
|.
+.
|.
|.
|.
|.
+.
|.
c.
|.
Oh.
R.
O.
||.
~.
|.
~.
|.
°.
.
<.
+.
•.
R.
O.
s.
s.
~.
|.
°.
·.
|.
+.
|.
\.
s.
|.
~.
|.
|.
|.
|.
+.
|.
R.
o.
s.
s.
·.
|.
|.
+.
~.
s.
O.
N.
.
|.
|.
.
R.
O.
s.
s.
-.
|.
•.
•.
s.
from.
from.
V.
|.
|.
_ _.
_ _.
'.
ı.
l.
d.
ı.
.
•.
1.
•.
^.
].
<.
ł.
+.
|.
|.
\.
from.
\.
|.
|.
|.
+.
|.
F.
F.
R.
E.
~.
|.
|.
|.
|.
+.
|.
|.
\.
s.
|.
|.
T.
s.
|.

T.
from.
from.
:.
•.
|.

s.
*.
|.
+.
|.
|.
\.
O.
|.
;.
|.
|.
|.
+.
|.
~.
|.
s.
O.
~.
|.
•.
|.
<.
+.
^.
|.
o.
|.
|.
|.
·.
s.
-.
[.
....
].
O.
1.
).
T.
É.
E.
R.
R.
T.
E.
E.
E.
E.
E.
E.
E.
E.
E.
E.
E.
E.
E.
E.
E.
E.
E.
E.
E.
F.
T.
F.
E.
R.
_ _.
■.
■.
n.
u.
l.
·.
R.
·.
E.
·.
R.
o.
s.
s.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
+.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.

".
s.
from.
from.
i.
F.
F.
F.
F.
F.
E.
T.
S.
".
F.
E.
T.
E.
:.
".
№.
№.
T.
O.
E.
F.
Ę.
T.
E.
R.
y.
s.
y.
s.
O.
s.
s.
ı.
3.
4.
2.
s.
u.
u.
v.
-.
~.
|.
~.
|.
~.
|.
~.
|.
~.
|.
~.
|.
".
:.
Cumdo from E 1000 N 500 E 1000 P O R T A T. V 1000 51 B. 3. 21 ;.
Therefore, as of the year or of the Armenians, propofiti Iezdegird, & menfium.
eiufdem of the year you wish to know a character, an accurate cauc, do not exceed.
the number of years that the cycle Iulianofupcrscriptus in the years to bear.
cis & apricot. Suppose, for example, running 1 year Bulgaro O; 1.
Threw 28 remains the cycle Sunday Ararat z 3. Because joy.
numcrus be numcrum exceeds 1 John 3: 7 years old the first column 6o ,.
tranfeo to a creative and the left pillar, and in the front of the fuperscriptus, now exists.
2 2 2 4. Within a year of the number of whom propofitusest. On the other hand the years of z, z,.
finistrilateris, z 2 2 4 years old right column gives cycle lu.
liani 2 2. So in years Iezdegird work. And finally eixoovra% meld.
Arrmeniorum she said she has embolifmos, all-natural ,.
B Jraegχή year that requires an equable above the Moon. NouilunijAr root.
Meniere 2,16,7 2 in Armenia fuperiore. Exemplü placed in jeopardy.
In nouilunio Octobris 27, at the beginning of the year Armeniaco John 3: I. number.
oo past years 1 and 2, 5 and 6, is 6,3,2 O 2, weekday fextus, as you see.
Therefore Octobris 27, number 3,3,2 years later eorumdcm O 2.
Sahami was excluded from the first menfe Armenia. Relinquished.
be the Sahami, 3, 2 O 2 in 27 Octobris. Now, a method of examining and c.
Nabonaffari in years, and.
Iezdegrd treated as [EIKO 1 2 3 E N T E A T Σ 1 HP.
A shaky nonpoffis.Men 1000 E R N A 1 c A..
bes to Armenia, thus | trams, | • _.
     "£ $ | nouilu Fe 1 Ho [scrup. Day. Hoe 1 1 scrup.
100, as written in Arabic [sic | i | at -lifil--.
   6 8.
We came here adpofui || ; :. ; *; ;;; ;; :? £ ;;.
mouse. For if we knew l | , | , | 9 [7ÄZ ΊΊ | T4 | T3T3T6] Emb.
How the Armenian | * | 26 | 3 | 7 ['53 _3] 1 6] 7 8.
  1 1 6.
describcn characters. | '' | 'H!?] [3] ;,' iiilr.s.
effent gods, not commifif | 7 | , | 3 | . . IAE] [I5 | 1 | I3ÄÄ | ".
femur, as in this scrupulous | j il | "Z | +43] H £ | * J53.
 9 {i | 2 | 5 | 1 61 2 6 * 7 | 7 | 1 3 5 4 | Emb ,.
defideraretur our patience. | Oh | , | , | ,, [3T5] [T§ | TA | 7 * ;.
However, today's Armenij | * *] Ro | * | ** [41] [12] [333] Emb..
I fus 1 2 | 19] 7 | 19 P O O Q | 8 | 4 | 8 O 1.
prorfus know CA |,,, S | , | E. | E | t> A.
Drive menfium gum | 1 4 8, 2 | 1 3 [533] [t] to | I33] Emb.
Dro use in Julian, | ;; ? $ O;}; ;; +; # 1 i ~ 1. I_.
mcnfiumque Juliana of [3] ¢ | , | [375] [33] EEile ,,.
writing the names. | * 8 | 25] 3 | ): 33] [3] [793.
  1 9 1 6 4 7 8 1 5 1 2 i IL | OO 3.
Nondubitoautem, without | ;?] ') | | | H £; x 6 | T4] 2 i 3] Emb.
Armeniaca by dropping in this || , | 1 1 | , | 17Γ3; 5 | 3 | T3T ;.
co temporeincipiat when | * *] ** | 7 | . * | * 52] [3]: [**!.


Page 149


first name Christo || | | ; I `$ Hî; 2 1 | T3T3.
I spit Armene cum Re | 2 5] 9] 7 l 1 7ITA 3 20 | 81 64th | Emb.
gefuo T.
2 I8 I o s E p H i S c A L i G E R Í.
/.
• *.
L A T E R C V L V M C H A R A C T E R I S M I.
M E N S 1 V M.
IÎThoth Sahami IPhruralim l 3 c], 7 |. I l 2 | 3 | 4 l 5 || 6
2 | Paophi Theri Adarpahaf ht | 6c | | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 || 6 || 7 | 1
3Ἄ Cagutz chardad 9c] || 4 | 5 || 6 || 7 | I | 2 || 3.
4 | Choiac Arats Thir I2 C. || || 6 || 7 | I |. 2. | 3 | 4 | 5
s [tybi AMahich AMardad I 5 C I | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 || 6 || 7
d 6 | Mechir Arichi Schariz I 8 O | | 3 | 4. | 5 || 6 || 7 | I | 2
7 | Phamenoih Aheli AMehar 2. I C] I 5 || 6 || 7 | I | 2 | 3 | 4
] 8] Pharmuthi Mariri Abam, 24C] || 7 | I | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 i 6.
* {9 | Pachom AMarchath Adar 3.79] [2 1 3 | 4 | 5 || 6 || 7 | I.
| 1 o) Paymt Harvvatfis D; 3OC 4 | 5 || 6 || 7 | I | 2 || 3
1 i | Epiphi Navva / ari [Behemem 33 ol | 6 || 7 | I | 2. | 3 | 4] 5.
1 2 [Meßri Hur; A / phamdar [3 ôc] | I l 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 || 6 || 7
| s | Epagomeme AMufferaka VVahak. 3 65] [3 | 4 | 5 '6 || 7 l I! .
- ---- •.
T A B V L A G E N E R A L I S N O V I L V.
*. N I O R VM M ED I O R V M T H O T H N A B O.
N A S S A R I S A H A M A R M E N I O R V M ,.
Phrurdin, Iezdegird. idque
Alexandria
ι.
; - ._ • I 5.
ág £. Nouilunium â Nouilunium É Neuilunium.
33 Thoth l £. 3 Sahagni. ; 5 Phrurdin.
Ἐ 9 || 3 £ t.
3 § I to 5 â.
4] I 1 2 4 375-75; 3 TT8 ;;; 6 9 4 3 | 7 | 2 19 9 8.
5] 2 I and 4 | 4 z 1 or 6 3 | 4 | I 7 || 6 22 49 or 4 | a6 || 1 1 6 6 87.
6 | 3 3 | 1 1 1 8 5 $ | 5 | 7 || 4 7 1 8 6 || 5 || 16 | 6 1 4 8 3.
7 | 4 | 1 3 | 7 9 3 6 8 | 6 | x 6 | 3 4 87 5 | ° || 5 | 3 io 379.
i | 5 | T || 4T8T3A || 7 | 1 5 | 7T3T37Τ 7 | 24 | 2, 7 8 6 8.
2 | 6 I 1 2 2. I or 4 or 1 || 4 | 4 2 2 4 6 7 1 | I 3 | 6 1 6 6 6 4.
3 | 7 | 2 or I I or • 5 4 9 2 | 2 3 I 3 1 9 1 or 5 6 2 3 || 4 I 4 6 o.
4] 8 | 9 | 5 9 3 4 5 | 3 | 1 3 | 1 4 8 5 2 | 3 | * '| 3 33 and o49.
5 | 9 | 2 8 1 4 6 93 4 4 2 || 5 I3T3AT§ 4 | I I | 7 7 8 4 5.
 I 6] 1 or | 1 7 | 1 1 5 7 36 | 5 | 2 1 I 4 1 1 1 5 7 | 5 | 3 or | 6 5 3 5 4.
7] I I 7 || 6 or 5 2 6 || 6] I or I I 19 1 or 5; 6 || 1 9 I 3 1 4 1 5 o.
i | '* | 2 5 || 4_ z 2 3 5 | 7 | 39 | 7_ I7_54_2 7 8 || 7 z z 1 or 2 6.
2] I 3 | 1 5 | 2 6 9 1 1 | i | I 9 | 5 2 3 3 8 i | 1 7 || 6 2 or 5 3 5.
3] 14 | 4 || 6 1 5 7 or 7 | 2 || 8 | 2 1 1 1 3 4 | a || 1 7 || 4 5 3 § 1.
4 | 1 5 | 2 3 | 5 1 3 2 1 6 | 3 | 27 | I 8 7 z 3 | 3 | 6 || 1 1 4 1 3 7.
5] i * | 1 3 | * xx. 1 1 | 4 | 1 ß || 5 17 5 and 9 | 4 | * 5 | 7 1 1 7 1 6.
6 | 1 7 | a || 7 6 8 8 8 | 5 || 6 | 3 2 3 1 5 | 5 | 1 4 | 4TE3T5T ;.
7] and 8 | 2 1 | 6 4 3 9 7 | 6 || 24 | 1 2 3 9 or 4 || 6 || 4 | 2 5 3 or &.
1 1 1 9 | 1 or | 3 1 3 1 9 3 | 7 | 1 4 || 6 8 7 or 7 | 2. 3 I I 2 8 9 7.
2] 2 or | 29 | 2 io 7 8 2 I 3 || 3 17 4 9 6 I] I 2 5 1 1 5 9 3.
3] 2 I 9 | 6 I9 5 7 8 || 2 H 2. || 2 T5TT; 2 1 I I I 2 AGTAT85.
4 | 22 8 || 4 4 3 7 4 5 | 1 1 | 6 2 3 8 8 1 3] 2 or | 1 17 1 or 7 8.
5] 2 3 | 2 7 || 3 I 9 6 3 | 4 I | 4 8 6 7 7 4 | I or || 6 2 8 7 4.
6] z 4 l 1 6 || 7 1 or 7 5 9 5 | 2 or || 3 6 I 8 6 5 | 29 | 5 or 3 8 3.
7] 2 s 6 4 19 5 5 5 '6 9 1 7 1 4 1 or 6 m 6 I I 8 2 9 1 7 §.
Quia exaétiorem & expeditiorem methodum nouiluniorum in.
annis æquabilibus Ægyptiorum, Armeniorum & Perfàrum aliquis.
 DEFINED E E M E N D A T. T E M p o R v M L 1 B. III. 2i9.
I will defend myself, my dear king Ta b | h. 8> Iudaicae Neomeniæ Thoth.
ulam hanc construcimus, vt paruo -difpendi II7 I 3 3 7 or | 5 | 1 2.
ifpendio temporis studiofus Leétor 2 [4 2 2 1 6 6 | 1 5. | 1 3.
        3 [2 6 1 or 42 | 2 6 Adar 2 | 1 4.
nouilunia in isis menfibus nancisci 4 | 1 4 5 5 1 | 7 1 5.
poffit. Cuius Tabulæ vfum lauda :: :: :: ':' Au.,, L?.
  z 2 2 I 4 3 2 8 ar i | 1 7.
Bunt, who Ptolemy was born to you?: ::;;. To the. l :;.
Arabum bros, in quibus creber vfus 9 | 5: • ;; ; • Adar, **.
annorum Iezdegird. Nouilunia au I o12 1 or 9 1 3] 12 2..
  1 1 | 6 19 7 o9] 2 2 Adar z || 3
conueniunt Alexandrino cælo. I 215 and 7 2 I 8 | 4 4
and • 1 * I 313 I 2 I 4] 14 5.
This year 1597 sent an annus Na | i 1% I ^ 853] 35 Adar, | 6
goodbye »; 45, cuius Thoth cæpit l;; /? , * {?? , 7.
Iulii, feri 1 6 [5 1 7 1 9 5 17 Adar z || 8
B 2 or luj, fair 3, year fuerofor 1596. 17 | 1 1 1 or 7 1 | 17 Adar 1 | 9
Volo scire eius nouilunium. Former payroll ;;; *};:? t, Ad • lii.
on 2 or 3, annis collemetis proxime me | * j *,% %%%? I 2.
 2 1 | 5 1 4 7 6 1 | 1 I I 3.
noribus 2 or oo, 3 or o, 2 5, id est 2 3 2 5, 2 2 | 4 2 3 5; 11. Adar 2 | 1 4.
COImDCtum •••••• •: 2. 3 | 3 2 I 2. 1 5.
petun de parte anterior 3. 16. | . ; *; »% I, I 6.
441. after 4. 4. 639. z 5l5 1 4 7 3 8 12 Adar 1 || 17
Coniunge igitur 3. I 6. 441. cum no Cyclus.
uilunio anni currentis 2 or expanfi fub lüd.
titulo nouiluniorum Nabonaffari, nempe cum a.io.z82. Colligitur
nouilunium Thoth 23453 fair 6.3, 143, Augusti 3 Alexandriæ.
Sæcle Nabonaffàri nouilunium fiebat in 2 9 Thoth in anno 2 o.
cycli Icofipentaeterici. Scd from behind collegimus dics * $ *.
auûrco; 4.7.

Page 150

 Remove the 4 hours a day neglectus, DC 39; Su.
2 much as 5 days Thoth. Therefore nouilunia carried out in 2 Thoth 5 ,.
Ncomcnia Thoth 3 starts on Monday. Therefore, there was a day of the week XXV by force, and a person.
South nouilunia thought that was propofitum. Codcm again next year.
1 596 1 O46 injuries at the end in the Sahami October 31, writing V. recent years.
1 2 O 5 coincide with the next smallest gathered together from the front 1. z.
357, 1. 21. 7 2 5 of the second year running expanfa 2 which i no.
2. old uluntur 15, 5, 57 linked with 1.2.3 gives nouilu.
ends Sahami 3.17. 3 62, November Xi. O 2 was then Sahami examples.
also showed Agoíuiíïòóï; its latter. Finally, the same year.
5) entered Phrurdin 966 Iezdegird O & orb 18, on fertile soil. Years.
|.
On the next hill, and $ 9 5o suitable for smaller numbers 3, 5, 6, 7 years.
expanfi three runs charm & 7. II. 716. gather nouilunia Phrur.
din 966, day of the week;. 17 3 62 as previously, but in twenty Phrurdin. Again.
We wrote menfe Thammuz 5 3 57 Jewish year, which are highly prized.
And three 1. 4. 866, June, v, and even fire (ελλ'ιω. For this year.
c abundant. We already know from the doctrine of the year, of the Jews was, 6 hours dccfle.
Jewish year. So that became the effet 7. Jn. 866, Jerusalem. the cubes.
feptimum kept the feast at noon, that is, the 4 of June in. I cxperiri in years against.
"Ta Hastarium, 2 S 2 O 1 O P E A S C A 50 1 1 G E R L
naflàri Armenians and Iezdegird. Thammuz is vndecimus of Thoth A.
propofiti nouilunio. Charaeter ten menfium the past.
1.7.3 O 7, from page 193, compofito with nouilunio Thoth 6.3.143.
gives the nouilunia Thammuz of Alexandria 7.Io. 513. Rurfus I menfibus.
193. eadem page is available in 295, who, from the days of an absolutely incompatible with that of the Moon that.
2 to 5 days Thoth compofiti give the 3 zo a moon of Thoth ,.
The small menfium above the appofitum gathered together a number of days.
the nearest small; Ho, alongside Payne, about 2 to 3 z oh oh driven leaves.
menfis fequentis day, the Temp. Therefore nouilunia medium.
Thammuz of Alexandria, he went into feptimum day of the week, the hour of Jn. 513, from noon xx.
Day Temp. Thoth pact week 3, as described above. Epiphi the moon.
day of the week a fruitful one, the same as you have in the small baked. Accordingly vicefimum Epiphi B.
it was Saturday, so it was propofitum. Finally Thammuz is oétaualunatio.
Sahami from apricot, and Phrurdin complete. Character the seven men.
1 to 3. 17. 51 fium past nouilunio Sahami & Phrurdin 3.
17. 3 6 2 compofito nouilunia Thammuz gives the same as previously, 7. Io.
$ 2 O 3. At 6 days in agreement with the seven Lunations vicefimum So.
compofitisdant hooks 16 menfis Mariri, as in laterculoSahamiiniuit.
V moon. Therefore, even mahiri v. Accordingly, the sixteen week vi.At.
nouilunia who will attend the fair feptimi. Therefore, it was xvil Sahami. Therefore.
Every brick works fine trick. Thus, when z 2 O 3 Phrurdin 6 days.
they give the 19 Aban Finish, day of the week by force. However, due to effects was Saturday. Therefore, it was.
day x x. In this way, I think, fàtisfict to those to whom the previous method, nouilunioC.
, did not wilt. For this expcditiffima and is the best.
500 E A N O P O R R 1 100 S 5 M.
AE O M R H E B A A A A A A A 1000 E O.
A ΠR perfuafio not only Jews, but human compassion.
Christian, Jewish year old fuiffe single tan.
and that today it is shaped. and this is so affeuerant, v t.
they believe that to have not only the way we do things. but also something neceffitate m.
lay down that ancient and much people of the year to have, just one, Of the Moon, or nul.
lum. But, after all, the year of menfibus, thirty, D. fiillisostendero habuiffe
the chronicles of the distinetus, they will not have, why, just one, the year of the Moon.
we get. For we shall either ynicum at a uniform habuiffè, such as it is, mocking.
Magick or two balanced and lunar completely neceffe it. Who.
This shows better than Mofes yourfcif? It writes diluted nd.
Piff tenth feptimi menfis prolific one hundred fifty days.
invaluiffe tongues, and the next day centefimo quinquagefimo ,.
This is the first time ccntcfimum quinquagefimo, fuiffe of flour.
feptimurnD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. 3. 2 21.
.
, Afèptimum menfis feptimi. Now, forty six days before diluuijini.
components of the flow, and later, vfque to decreases in water a hundred.
fifty and one who obviously made 197, and the thirty late.
If they leave the past six menfes and 1 day, 1 x v menfis feptimi ;.
What could be said more clearly? But it is amazing that nufquamin scripturaembo.
the stated time, menfis any help from a trace or memory of these terms. The fortaffe.
often, as in civil affairs in this uniform in facras Lu.
summit manliness. The soothsayers say. For what can we affirm with certainty.
poffunt? Of course, the Moon in the menfibus continuous days, thirty, lo.
it can be with the haberenon, neither of the moon, effects, and the year, the day that is 365 ha.
it ought to: be able to find them so far in the description of diluuij flat Leota.
B menfis the first day of the tenth month, that is, the head 271 a year, mon heights.
embark on his person naked, they are, and they went forth out of the waters in the emerfum. Expeótauit 4o.
diesNoah, after the 311 days of the year fluxiffent. Soon EMIFS heart.
uum, which a free to go, suffered to return, till the waters are at all exuétæ.
native.

Page 151


the place to be conjectured from the leaves of the bed 5 by a similar as far as and including the interval & le.
it should be. For the same manner expeétaffet after the seven days ,.
EMIFS the pigeon and others reuerfàm again after the seven days.
EMIFS. So Fane another forty days to add to them, and fic.
Quibusadde will enjoy a 351 x 1 1 1 1 The latter, which twice dove.
emiffa.Fiuntfine a doubt, on the thirteenth day of the 365.Postillos days, from the time when a dove.
100 did not return by her, shall I say, he thinks that the first day of the year fequens vefpera.
tie Mofes words at once, in one year and $ / excenteßmo Norway Nos ,.
The first dieprimi table, the waters are dificcata. Of course, the year of which I. u.
Melon nostril they perform poffint of menfibus equal and pie.
for the end, I do not see, and what is more important is that in the end of the twelve, menfibus.
tercalari. Then just a year old Jewish Chaldean ,.
or, what is the same, Ægyptiacus was: eumquc to some of the Hebrews called it.
Bity naujt, the year of days, that is uniform, όμοιλόν. League.
For out of an equal distribution of days, the end of the minutes. Similarly menfem.
με09 uniform and τειακον%) Op. v is called menfem days for you.
who can ever; and to the days of triccnis constantly being distributed into effet.
500 more correctly this fane interpretation of the effects will be able to do nothing. Certificates and Io.
Note deduction those who were working. That was a quarter.
temannotarent as Aegyptij on rising, the Chaldeans, and bear in AE.
and why a tio of spring, compels us to acknowledge at all the reason of Ipfa, when they had all these plates are a gen.
ing them to it, which are every where in this year, the form of the vtebantur. & Fane.
menfem intercalabant after 1 year 2 O, which bear Menfo MA.
and called for their great stone of Abel, and that circumstance was, however, were treated the Hebrews, & fpatium of the life of hu.
encompasses what else to explain fumes. Genescos Div. V 3. Because the truth.
T € OItìIIì2 3 2 2 '' 's e p h o 1 1 50 1 S C A G E R 1.
/.
of them, unto them that sold wherever they could go, because I think that, after a number of diets A.
Exodus, when God commands him to sit in menfem first year.
to set up, which is very near to the spring æquinoótio effet. From that time.
 menfium names appear fuorum abieciffe or fortaffe from the beginning.
There were zero. Which is certain to establish poffunt. For Bui ,.
Ethan and ZIU menfium names extant in the first book.
Kings, but seem to Sidon, and Tyriorum not only Jews.
Rum fuiffe. For this reason, epoch in Hebræihabebant be broken through of the head of the year.
In Libra. When the head of the year fuperaffet thirty days without them.
one menfem Embolima the day of their march, the one to which we see, & ca.
püt of the year fequentis, placed him ἐπαγομέγας be less true: as always, one of 'em.
Bolio menfis in the same place, and in the same time of the intercalate, B.
but not in every menfes, so that he became one with the perf. The epoch of the year.
effet in Libra, he shows the Mofes, who commands us, τω σχωοτηχίω solemnization of the marriage.
Likewise audience rnygm nepna in turn elsewhere for the same thing to.
ordering said r.yn us? in the end of the year. out of the year given in the book ,.
after which the end of their bids oxlwo7m) {do a wider audience. The convenience loser.
the time of the new moon of the year of the Exodus Autumnal æquinoétium approximately fecu.
ta it. Why άτοιγόμ $ μα demonstrated in NE P & Magri were long.
in the autumn, nor beyond the epoch of the year thirty-dics anteuertebant ,.
Only after 1 and 2 years menfis intercalabatur so that the merit of the story.
has not stated, only the prefect from the number of the twelve menfium annis.
Alwaies and Solomon created. The O 2 years 1 year translated into C.
mullet Embolima menfem them. But to other people.
InllIIl, which, for the vfu here, the year was the form of menfium the same, the very same.
that the new moon, save trees ἐπαγόμ $ μa slight differences.
be designed to: the fic Hcbraeor when, in the Egyptian, and the year it was the same thing: unless beyond.
fortaffe where he rayógôpou differcntiam five days' designed around.
quafdam Hebrew and Ægyptiacasneomenias.Certiffimum is menfem.
him, which went forth out of Egypt, they are the sonnes of Ifrael, coepiffe Thursday, after. For the first.
mumSabbatú, whose celcbratio was proclaimed, was the fertilizing z 2 men ,.
menfis the first day of the week, he began to doubt himself, at the Mofes of Exodus xvi.Ergo fis.Auétor.
ta.Prætereascimus of epilogifmo accuratiffimo as elsewhere discussed, or.
whether the Exodus of the Jewish year fall in the E 2 64. Why Thoth years D.
2 2 64 Kal.Sept.feria primaSemper began falling at the end of it.
even after the exodus and incidentals day five in the æquinoétio, or to the next.
me, that the equinox manfiffe, already decreed the not known by the things which he Mofe from the beak above the dif.
action. Now there are eight Kalends menfium that veulwidvfi.
gnificat: even though no being observed in the new moon, in them, it is not the wise men.
rather than in the on the first of menfium of the Egyptians, which, however, yεμ'wiag vo.
cat Ptolemy and idem, said reuuig άγάτωγούω the vernal equinox.
  ; fèruatum.
.
• '.
•.
500 E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 p. 3. 2 2 3.
Afèruatum Hipparchus. Thucydides, too, in other places, we note ,.
reuluiàv by x% * ^% 'U' he says, quasi veuluiz there is ασάλμό that.
there were all the signs of appalling civic les menfium of Greece shall, in addition to the first and the.
Tetraeteridis second. " τειακασα are fine I'ü% of Yao City.
s> <9? Or "P ?. This means that the number. The topic Dea count.
the number of which is beyond the Tricefimo menfium no one could be admitted. save.


Page 152


called up ?. She was a festive day and a tubicinemindicebatur.In.
Pfalmorum oétagefimo At first, the yin ... i ^% ^ FSA emerged wine YP (thirty. $ •.
itouluig. And a%%% and »fiuägg * iogr IGI. The Prouerb.cap. Est.
* £? By track. Said. Let diferte said XT 1 1> resolution.
BTO segols the lod. Last menfis fruitful Amalek is due out.
St. Let's head x 1 x. Because mofer tombstone raised in the memo.
assert that τ: ιακασφ, flue AN; και τάς, with this inscription: A. T E R
N 5 50 50 5 1000 1000 B E F O R E N T E R P P 5 1 50 5 1 1000 500 E E T '.
From 1000 to the E K. A 50: άτάg της η ^ ¢ I ide9uluia; (Flue τετακα.
A Maui, fine iogr;) Toa give it £ U% d \ @ 3 3 Aux ^ £ x8. For.
* This has the same concept as Samuel first cap. XT.
12. Saul, where he is said to lift the trophy for himself and tombstone Triumph.
lem. The interpreters of another name to this place, have something I do not know how iuris.
an oath upon the seat of conceiving. Ignordre and there ,.
to say these things, that effects the war, his Grammatical Notes, to enjoin us: or rather in the gram.
100 maticos bcllum me personally. However, use fenfufuo. I have not even of my sight.
comment envy. Having received the lunar year, the manner of the Jews il.
Car Heaven was retained as tricefimo menfis and moons.
by trumpeter to announce sentence are usually available for this do I vfque day. Philo ά τά τε.
EI I DEXA 9% ^ y ^ TLU isegulwiaw lu Qa ^ \ 7yáy ύσσημαινεσI. It.
~ p2, in reality, it is said, Tgoreuluiz, of Judith, viii, 6. I am convinced that, what we have already.
I have touched on, and spa, and hiding from the diet, which is the case then the interlunium, or to a greater.
xgjwáz ,: which is otherwise called pa elsewhere Pa.vt py r> prorpA.item.
* F *> for '■> confumptio. Then Horace tlu) τετοικοίόα Judah.
Cam onto tricefimo on the. For granted that all have imbibed Iewes.
Cam not only Jews, but also Greeks Saturday, calling. M.
τ) DAEI even when they tifrum never start from the first week.
ma, and the fourth, fextus, to prevent two Sabbaths that they last. Greeks Au.
they called the name of the whole range of those of the solemnities of the other have not, Iu.
merchandise Ob / scratching where the festival to keep naked feet rule. Nu.
Dipedale is Jewish, from which three o'clock, and at other times, too.
Ira day on, if they occur over, keep the Father.
cefima Horace says τω τςaxida, which was iogr, ie9uluia ,,.
scstiua day forward. Why always associates »iogth and those € 9μη.
        Jia T 4 2 2 4 1 1 e p h o s s c a 50 1 G E R 1,.
The way in and in. Paul writes to Coloffenfes: μῦ ἐν τίς όμᾶς κεράτωάγμάA.
ogrjs £ $ g, h yepuluia ;, fi ca £ € ¢ των, α ἐς σκια ά μελλόω, 5% What 3.
Xe433. Here's £ calls from o3t'w%. Iofephus same period the properties Sab.
bates mounting said τωρεῖσθααι a Jewish idiom: Cass.
£ α v%, also going eiufdem week Priests Clafficos significance.
dear usual writes the words lib. 4. ωσεως d, e. 34: υτός κοθυφω κα.
τεα & α5o £% tοςοφο2 / or, à3æ II is: £ oy es 38. 33; i5oip $ ρ® ἐκαςlw ISS.
Jouada éai3ado August fiuaις CaAAy deix * and τελωσᾶσα αύδις τὰ ἐ.
azíegy, ότε μέραιάςγειν τύλαὸ κσα} βλαν, ότε δάγω ἀτέχεά.Quan.
The Jews, however, have cast away the form of the year, I give this at all, whether I were their own.
ravages of time and only to Abraham, vñ most desirable to or, indeed, to the times of the Nabopol.
Iaffari, I have nothing to set up. However Studiofi investigations. For many of us B.
He was found. Only from the ground, against the opinion of the years of the moon, of vfu out of the anus.
mis able to eradicate all human beings. Noah, who was also in the box epaétas.
Lunar and exceffus Sunday above the Moon obsèruaffe prophesy. Now.
epaétas find no warning. .
A 1 N M E N O VA 500 500 1 A A A M N O
NÉ could have been at a more opportune to Mexico, it mentions the dutiful and hurl of the year.
Rum and all of that great Perufianæ container, rather than here.
1000 1000 E E N S E S P E A L A N 10 1 100 50 1 EN 1 on es 500 K.
1000 TV table Mexican.
Cipaétli. Xiphias.
JHecatl. Air. C.
1, Tlacaxipeualiztli.
2 Toz £ utztli.
I
2.
3, Hueitozgutzli 3 | calls. Home.
4] Toxgalt. or Tepupochui 4] Cutzpali. The lizard.
liztli 5 | Coualt. The snake.
5] Egalcoalitzli 6] • 2 / i <Quintlis. Love.
6 | Tecuilhuicintli 7 | 2 / apatl. (Unearthed.
7] Hueitecuilhuitl 8 [Tochtli. Cumiculus. .
8 | •% / iccailhuicintli 9 |> 4tl. Water. .
9] Veymiccailhuitl 1 O [Iz.cuimtli. Cami.
1 O | Vohpamiztli. or Tenauati 1 Ilozumatli. $ Imia.
liztli 1 [2 • 2 / alimalli. Jcopa.
1 1 | "Pachtler or Hepoztli 1 3] and Acatlh. Camm. D.
1 2 | Hueipachtli. or Pachtler. 1 4 | oceloe. 7igris :.
1 3 | Quecholli 1 5 | Coautli. The eagle.
1 4 | Panquegaliztli 1 6 | Coz.caquahuti. Zutea.
1 5 | Hatemuztli. 1 7 [ago. Temperature.
1 6] Tititlh 1 8 Tecpatlh.Cochlear. 3 ;; i ;.
1, 7, 9 Iz.calli 1 [Quiauitl. Pluuia. i.
1 8 | Coauitleuac. or Ciuailhuilt. O 2 [Xuchitl. Ro / Â.
Namde EE E 1000 N 500 E 1000 P O R T A T. V 1000 51 B. 3. »2.
A They have something in common with equable year as it stands.
3 6 5 days of their year is known as the Egyptian and complete, and no.
Drive menfis indiderint 5 days as in times of old bear. The year now.
In the eighteen menfes their bodies. Menfis day twenty full-time, two of.
develops. There are 3 6o days, at the end of άπαγόμμα Vitulatio added.
ends and the joy organs. Furthermore that we have another year diuifione.
We, with the fèptimanas attribute it to him by X 1 1 1 day Distinct.
guunt.

Page 153


If we Aiaia © 'p', which never returns to the world, except the times.
l. thirteen years, which is equal to 52, which is the largest of those periods. vol.
5; Salchodai consists of four lesser things: for of whom are troubled by stepping Fingulae.
i. Βcim years, first called Tochtli tunnel. Acatlh second ,.
Canna. Third Tecpatlh, Cochlear. Fourth Calluses House. the call.
d $.
"First, productive, third, fourth year pcriodi thus, been killed.
chtli, ome Acatlh, El Tecpatlh ship calls. Therefore, mine ,.
! agaxaJ \ applies μ33 ©%, and the year goes back into the world of work is of 52 years. things.
I pcriodus is great that we have or tartar Mexicans as 5; .
the period of the year, a great Easter. This also means that the year of PE.
And Peter Martyr cumscribit, and 4mmum Vergilii in the West Heliacis.
possessed, o men / ibust closing shaped. A4enfém named after the Moon.
Slant Tomas. When the table ßgnare intendumt Tomas say. U.
Tona say their main language. E) the bodies from the sun tomatica.
$ 100 so as smell, so tomatica. The language of their $ tomatica said.
appropriately. However, somewhere else. $ Ed by no means be moved to individual year.
In the eighteen table. • 2 / it / they are still twenty days of closing.
| that is Tonaticum calls, Gomarus t o n e 50 51 says, and Tonelli.
it is one of the four great task calls on periods of the least of, of which of the first.
hecatombe hundred several years. T o n e is the biggest with 50 vs. 50.
was celebrated 52 years from the end of the year, standing at the back of many a hecatomb.
 Five ETayoμάίας cuiuflibct the years of drunkenness, they say, as I have said.
the mouse, or as though their no attention should be paid is the case in a number of days.
m. They also account bifexti. The accurate approaches.
You see fenfum this year for those foreign nations perueniffe. More.
I could not speak. But what does it matter that this FERC. .
Ann; 2 26 1 o s e p r III, Sc. I G E RY.
5 1 N A N A T I O R. 5
1 (garlic. House.
2 [Tochtli. The mine.
3 le4catlh. Camm.
4 | Tecpatlh. Spoon.
_ • **.
R. t ae.
{B € B € 9; .
Cv N 1 C vs. 100 V 50 A N N A c H 100 O 50 O 1000 500 E from R. v s.
1 1 Ce tochtli! 1 | Ce acarlh. 1 1 Ce tecpatlh | 1 9 * ° ".---.
2] ome acatlh 1 [Ome tecpatlh ~ | 2 | Some grains _ | a [Ome tochtli.
3] It becomes hardened tecpatlh 3 | _ | 3] EiTochtli 3] It acatih.
4 | Ship calluses 4] NatiTOchiIÍT 4 | Acatlh ship. 4, tecpatlh ship.
5 [MacuiItochtliTT | 5 | macuili acatlh 5 macuili tecpatlh. 5 macuili calli_ 6 Chicoacen acatlh 6] Chicoacen tecpatlh || 6 [ChicoaccnIcalli_ | 6'Chic ^ acen tochtli.
7 | chicome tecpaflh 7 | Chicome calluses 7. Ciiicometochtli 7] chicome acatlh..
8] Chicuei call 8 [§ CfiictieiTochtli oiCues acatlh 8 | 9hicuei tecpatlh.
9 [CfiicGRATiiTOchtliT | 9 | Chiconaui acatlh 9 | Chiconaui tecpatlh. 9 Chiconaui calluses;.
1 c li {Matla acatlh. 1 O | Matla & litccpatlh 16] matla li calluses | ___ | 1o | Marla li tochtli.
1 1! Matla & lioc tecpatlh 1 1 1 [matla & lioc calluses, MailaéíFceTochtli T | 1 1 [Matla & lioc acatlh.
1 »[Matla & ligme calluses wwX 1, [JOURNAL & IiöTneTochtli | 1 & 2 Matla ijome acatlh. h. 1 'Matlajoms £; fub.
Y MiTTäïòmei rochtlil 1 3 'Matla & liomu acatlh' § 1 Matlaaiiomcitccpatlh, 13jMatlactliomci cal w.
Matt February from the beginning of the year.
RJ. Iofephus Costa v 1, 11.
On pltima Wheel, this year 50 1 1 subdued all fiiiilia and vtenfilia, extinguebant fire and lights, supposing.
immimere world destruction at the end of this cuiufdam Rotarwm. They say even before the year of Christ 694, which takes the number of that.
also use four sets periiffe, and this fifth effects, which we see today. The last time the Wheel alert £ no regard ;.
it effects the outside world. G um should see twilight world still mom was intended to be destroyed fùrgentes the CBO.
charge and sporting prowess Fefer, who was the first day of the Wheel new..

Ibies the first day.
menfis. Week.
Downstream week at the V menfis. Add.
the first downstream of the first Septimame 1111. fecun neck.
Surprising, this language without letters B, G, R, S.
Creberrin1um: Ch. Tl. Ct.mumerus mom exceeds quin4.
Hum. That was obvious in the whole world to the new, where the dice, or lu dam Septim. it always meant an increase of 1 111.
then I have a mon, he sent pumita five. Hislor. Ind. In the year of 1551, 1858 absoluerant years, for example.
Div. 19 6. auetor Francis. Lopez. Gomara. Therefore they have.
ammus first entered the year 694.
Joseph.
Numbers. Primus mind.
1 | Ce 1 1 1 1 i
Lorne 2 2 18 {l.
3 | Her 3] 1 5.
4 [4 ship 1 I2 |.
5 [macuili 5 || 9 19.
6 IChicoace 6 || 6 26.
_ • • 7 [chicome 7 | 3 23.
8 8 1 {Chicuei 2o.
9 [9 Chiconaui | 1 7.
IMatlac O O 1 1 I4.
1 1 I 1 1 1 ■ lMatla & lioc.
• 1 2 1 2 1 8 2 8 IMatla and Rome.
1 3 [Matla & lomei 1 3 | 5 2 5.
1 4 [Matla & Lina 1 4 | 2 2 2.
1 5 [Matlatlimacuil 1 5 1 1 9.
1 6 1 6 IMatla & lichicoace || 1 6.
1 7 [Matla & lichicome 17 | 1 3.
1 8 [Matla & tlichicuei 1 8 1 © l.
1 9! Matla & tlichiconaui 19 | 7 27.
1 O ICempoalli. 1 2 1 4 O 24.
s.
I.I o s e p h i.
2. 27 ,.
S 100 50 1 A G E R L
1 5 50 1 1 100 AE S A R S F. 1.
1000 N 500 E E E O N A T 1
 E P O R T 1000 5 M.
 50 1 B E R Q_V A RT VS.
5 A 500 1000 1000 E V O 500 1000 CX duplicianni equable.
the stock of, and the other 36o of the days, the years of the moon, of, the other.


Page 154


E is double the natural one orbit to another Sa.
} Cheerful. And the moon, of the years of menfes so much, indeed,.
[7].
Ih.
§ A \ £} \ $ * $% \ SS k.
% $ \ \ The ¥¥¥¥? Z § naturales ing year to $ * $ ipfeest;.
§ £? §%%% A • P: I.
§ down to the distance between the two fynodos Lunar ,.
 A id natural with cauffa menfis orbit :.
And of the twelve ciufmodi, the dimensions of 'the acceptable year of the moon, for the institute.
men. But, Solaris, and the tropics is far away from Russia.
the point of the equator, which, at the same conuerfione is defined, they are merely the elders.
Bral is also highlighting the role of the natural attributes such as desks.
twelve Zodiac. For two equal coelestcs menfes, as also to Lu.
this is the name of the nostrils of the heavenly beings are said to be Cenforino. But year in a match.
tea or æquabiles granted Coptis like Egyptian or Ethiopian.
, Pum, and Gelalæus, or in other unequally cavity filled fuperfluas ,.
Roman Digest, for example, is properly called natural. So from here.
natural stands out in two years, fine Tropicks, race, and indeed in.
tion menfe. In fact, it is a year of Tropicus, or the equable, or the Heavens.
love is. At the same level that menfes or thirtieth, vtannus Elkopti, either.
for the sake of some means by which inæquabiles hath it, That was a Roman. Hollow.
The enemy, who were parts of the signs of the Zodiaque, be bigger or even to themselves, but by the nature of the ta.
Clibe, is presented. But Tropicum Aegyptij day of the year.
Rum and five hundred fexaginta quadrant defined. Account.
feruantes for accuratiffime the rising of the Dog Star, because from the time.
The Nile is accustomed to the swollen forth, from one toward the other, the rise of the rising of the Dog Star.
beside; 65 days, the quarter fupereffe discovered. For when.
Sirius dixe9 %% rising notaffent: fequenti in the center.
by night, and, thirdly, six hours after the middle of the night, fifth again at the beginning.
  noet.
|.
| 2 28 1 1 e p h o s s c a 50 1 G E R L
there seems to grovel. Why Xw? * Dxg9w; za ala λῆς πόie%%% AITL) A.
dxogvyoy aio'® ^ u ^ d% jlíegy, but only four in 365 days, one solid.
accreuiffe observing a day. Nor is there any reason hocinuentum Aegy.
ptii to the Deity, with the Chaldeans, the Egyptians marched docuc to that in the rising of the Dog Star.
the spheres, which is in the æquinoétio still some distance to annotabantur. And it was not easy for them.
among the characters that æquabilianno vtebantur.Nam exempligra.
third, if cxeg) vyg) said: λῦ ΣάδιG%), or a dog, has been marked Paophi.
second day on Wednesday, said the same: DXE% λ} v% ^% in fifth.
to grasp Paophi day of the third day, the day of the week a fertile soil. And so, in addition to the four.
solid years of Egyptian, one of the reasons anniaccedebat. CAE.
So far, deuiéto Pompey after several wise men of Egypt.
dediffet the attention from iifque year canicular modulus didiciffet B.
From that time, in the animohabuit annumemendare, cuiusapud of Rome.
was sure to be nothing other than the form of the male, save in preference to caprice than hear the Pope ^.
writing. This, indeed, was able to bring forth, that was not first to bring forth unto Cæsar the ,.
Pharfalica fight until the fourth year yourfcif fourth Confuli work.
long thought to result led Rev. year cycle of the sun, the moon.
> "1 1 1 1 Olympias centefimæ oétagefimæ third, fourth year of PE.
Rio iuliani 4669, which starts from the first of January, Julian. It, Vt.
said, it was the fourth, unto Cæsar the Confulatus, who have been removed from command for himself.
Q. Fabius Maximus, and C. Trebonius, his fuffecit. But the year with.
fufionis, who anteceffit, was the third Confulatus unto Cæsar, Marcus Aimilios.
!.
`L.
"O.
n.
l.
In charming colleague who had menfes year of confusion as SUETONIUS 100.
writes, fifteen days, as the author of Macrobius and others 4.44.
With about a year old Roman difputaremus opened the year jury.
mani head around 1 3 or Z 3 Octobris as intercalary year.
was, or the common preface, the Julian era, the incidiffe around the beginning of the war.
li citizen of Pompei. Caefàrautem intercalauit first year of confusion.
appreciation for the day of 67, as well as Merkedoniumparem, who proceeds from the confuetudine for.
tein year it occurred. Regardless of the intercalary aboard 89.Qui.
the bus alertness of the year the manner of the Romans, namely, the dics, 355, taken together were fulfilled.
abiice small measure of confusion 444. Now the years of confusion, that is to say.
444, a couple of years, Julian, that is 73 o. 286 days are left :.
Julian, who was the first of the new year deduéti definunt 1 to 2 Octobris. D.
that is, the last term of the year, and those of January-confusion, we have.
anteceffit. The third step was the tenth, was the first, however, Octobris the day of,, and.
so the Kalends January in the confusion. VUimus December confusion.
, starts from the day of December, Julian. 50 xvi 1 Caefare days from the end.
November & Kai. December 3 December interieéti by Julian back.
definunt reckoned on 2 September 7 Julian. From the first. the years of the Roman people.
Noucmbris the end, there are 3 2 6. dies which joined two days.
MerkedonijD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 E. 4. 2 29.
}.
A Merkedonij 348 are made in one day from 2 to 6 September back audience.
definunt in x 1 1 This is the Julian October, January confusion.
He began by October 13 as he was propofitum. Therefore the third day of the Ten.
of November, December, he went into the Roman Julian's, And he, indeed last term.
Roman last year, year solar cycle varying vicefimo and time.


Page 155


In letters to the Dominican 100 B, as some now think. For the past.
The Sunday, neither the letter was known to, and not cycle there bee a week a.
Sunday's physician par excellence. Moreover, in the mold Bifextum fuiffe That mil.
the sky. The year of confusion leveling role to that fig.
ri intercalation of one of the day after the Terminalia was due, in a letter, C is an infi.
Btit, the same as ordinary text that is on 24 February, and this gives.
the old fedes Regifugij of the Roman, fexto the Kalends of. March. , whence we first read them in.
tercalatitium said Bi from t VM. Solinus that yearns to be very brittle ,.
Merkedonius think that the month began, and that year.
Habuiffe at least 344 days, 21 days Merkedonius is one of the mo.
do not leave behind the years of the year of confusion Iulianideduétus the chronicles of the 344 ,.
so that the reasonings of the demand. This is not what monster, cuiufmodi is done, out of the.
indeed I do not see. But the father of the drone in those eclogis, out of which in bad faith.
auetorem goods brought into fuum Polyhistor many eiufmodi.
deleétu end confarcinare usual. Cæsar air control LX V 1 1 tan.
as well as the day of adieciffe: But he also adds, mistake, and those who had kept from him, There was an intercalation.
100 substance. The veriffime it away from him. For Merkedonius whom he wishes.
intercalauit, it was not unto Cæsar, but confuetudinis. But the day together.
a fé, not from the confuetudine, he added. His confentanea writes suet.
genius, confusion fuiffe fifteen year menfe. 1 xx 1 day for men.
f Merkedonij, also Lxvii Cæfaris, Lxxxix dies are made together. one.
it is just a way of menfium three Lunarium. So the year is Julian, ha.
bu-day; 65, when the quadrant. Why autemita menfes cope with.
thinking that two successive úrsgnuie9tc, Fifth and Sixth: On.
cembres and January to establish, this case is different. Caefare wanted sun.
stitium, winter, and both æquinoétium from Kai. eorummenfium.
to begin with, he thought, upon whom the oétauas to be guilty of the parts of the year. Opinion.
But their sakes which ID of the Romans, and of the Greeks was, that in those times.
be completed and the parts of the signs in the oétauis Fuori. Why the CA.
pricorni on a set. d. VIII Kal. Ianuarij. Taua and the depth of Capri.
corniincidit at Kai. January in the fequentis, was loyal to the winter solstice, in which part of the con.
he thought it Cæfar with the vulgo.Initium of Aries on the from the fig-tree. d. VIII Kal.April.
Aequin and then embark on Kai. April. In the beginning of cancer. d. 8.
Kalcnd. Quinlil. Cancer of the summer solstice and climbed Kai. Fifth.
lib. In the beginning of a book. d. V 1 1 1 Kai. OET. Æquinoétium autumnal.
V. & oétaua2 3 o 1 o s e p h i s e A G E R i i 50
O & O and greedy and the balance in the first obrib. Neither did the other was with A.
son, C. Cæsar the downstream distribution. For even after Cæsar years.
plufquam 150, with regard to the common people, behold, the four divisions of the octave of the parts.
Signs compounded. mendofè. For that, if a criterion for & we think that the whole thing, O & tin.
the nation, did it happen, almost years before the first Olympiad. Hocbene.
the king 's reign, although from the posterity of the auidiffime took in hand, yet they were not.
is absent, as is commonly understood immediately that the public correétori year.
possessed. For it is the nations of men, all along in doing it well ,.
Is the same thing, and to murder and whom the feruare: dicto, who, at the ears of the good.
Rum beat% YOY and xaxóv & xeip $ κινητόον. For there ,.
it already has been said, is the man of God 's acknowledgment for the possible criticism, the one holding it beyond compare,.
catch it. Among them Pliny the Elder, a rather virtues B.
Cæfaris obtreetator than vice chastising the year primoIu.
liano some one asked him, Tomorrow The Lyre, shall be: From eDiets, says he, shall rise up :.
he received the ordination, is not only equals to it, like a, but aw.
lost. Plutarch Caefare: 8 ulu, dX ^ d ^ € AJ ßaaxojv8ai $% &.
OK βαρuo $ τω σωαμιν αύτίως rapéxs. Kxigo, $ e Iragui and ioixe ,.
4% rajlás V®, αύειον ἐπίάλλειν λύegy voj, όταν, éx δαlayμα%. %%.
τάς τςὸς aidyx'w τὸ αὐpóra, TOV% d% y. This reason.
Nevertheless by way of one of his letters to Atticus, lib. XVI: Really? % NAMES July ?.
Is there any more undignified, than to Brutus ^ wonit of July made? But Cicero Pont |.
peiam ineptiffimi amaffet the Nones of the Old of the year, which is of June of the year chastise.
TI auerfatur. But why to us, let us enjoy so great a blessing unto Cæsar, are ready to 100.
all Pompeianis. In fact, three of his triumph, in Caefàriani utterly wrong, the whole of Galatians.
1ia, Egypt, Africa, Asia, the fact Pompey yourfcif deuiétus.
This is the setting in order of the year, one of pure nugæ are. What Fiit of acquiring information on various subjects.
Caefare rat and edietam fanxerat inviolable manfiffet, Cæsar Augustus Oh.
the body is not been native to amend it again. Caefare ongoing for years.
 With Julian, the interfeetor, clothe her priests affecuti the mind least of all, it is not.
After the fourth year, vtille charged, but only every fourth annobi.
fextam intercalabant. The four quadrantcs after four years.
constitute the day, he placed, which Cæfar intercalariiuffit interTermina.
lia & Regifugium. Unless beyond which there is only attributed to the four quadrantcs.
driennio cxaéto, and confequenter the four quadrants of the county D.
pofitus not to stop the plan, except when they are equal to quadrants to him, like a rising tide. Then.
INTERCALARY day after the Terminalia Space today is the sixth Kai.
March. Therefore, it is said twice a year, fexto Kai. March. And hence the name.
The bi s t o.

Page 156


Unto Cæsar the varying, he that was with Julian, beginning with the fourth, after three months wherein you stand.
Drante thriving and TOS. And so, for fifteen hours, 1 1 1, 1 1 1 1 There was an intercalation xx. This.
deprchcnfum vice sorry, thirty years Julian force 1 1. C. March Cen.
Forino, 1) E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 1000 V 51 B 4. 2; 1.
A Forino, C Afinio French c o s s. Augustus is amended Cæfar no.
B.
[*.
Jl.
J.
}.
.
.
:.
r.
$.
; C.
B.
r ,.
1 '.
J}.
1 D.
1.
!.
B.
: In the thirty years lulianis 1 1 Twelve to an intercalation with.
Yet it must be congruent with intercalation ci distance bands.
Three Therefore, the intercalation, which was celebrated above the nine ,.
bifèxto end of twelve years to pass iuffu, emendatæ equal. Afterward.
just got back to the stop mode. For the first year.
After twelve those who have passed bifexto end, it was the first cut.
imputed quarter. Therefore, the fourth received a demand from the BI.
fextus, Julian quinquagefimo in the third cycle on Sunday.
feptimo that terms with that vulgusputat, oétauus from the birth of Christ, God's son ,.
This was the first time bifextum was duly celcbratum, with a private.
ICYCLVSCYCLVSTTCYCLVSICYCLvs;.
50 IS THERE N S O S G 3 1 1 3 5 50 IS Sol is the em E N 6.
3 problem. tiofus. ? problem. tiofus.
3]. 3.
1 1 1 1 100 B z z 8] 2 O 500 B A.
z || 2 2], A 2. 9] 2 1 | 100 B G.
3 | G ot 3 2 3 2 2 F
4. | 4 2 3 2 2 3 D E F G E D.
5 | 2 5 | E D. 500 3 1 l I4 F C.
6 || 2. 6 100 100 3} 3] 2 5 | E D. B.
7 | 27 B B A 3 4] 1 6 100 AG;
1 8 2 8 2 7 BF 5L AG}
9 | i | G 3 F 6] 2 8 A E.
O 1 1 2 EE 500 '3 7] 1] G F 500 C.
1 1 1 3 500 100 5 8 | 2. B B.
1 2 1 4 3 9 100 B | 3 500 A.
1 3 | 5] B A A 4 ° C] 4 100 G.
1 4 || G F 6 4 1 | 5] B from R.
1 5 || 7 F 4 2 | 6 G E.
1 6 || 8 E. 600 4. 3 | 7 F D.
1 7 || 9] 500 100 B 44 | 8 EC
1 8] 1 O | B A 45 | 9 | 500 100 B.
1 9 1 46 1 o i A G F B • A.
O 2 1 1 2 1 1 1 47 E G A. G.
I | 1 3] F E. 500 48 | 1 2 G P.
2 2 | Q B 1 500 4 49] 1 3] F EE
2 3 | in 5 1 1 4 500 100 A 5o ID.
24] B G 5 1 6 1 | 1 5 100 C.
1 5 | 1 7] A G F E 5 1 | 1 6 B B.
4 6] F 500 1 8 5 3 | 1 7 | A G AG;
] 171 1 9 100 a.
mis first lulianis to her vfque Diem, mischievous reasons Bifèxti ?.
been stolen. We eiusreiexemplár the Laterculofupra propofuim ''.
vtexeo Bifexti peccatumfit what is in the reason, something of the sort will chastise him ,.
perfpiciatur. EDiets, with which a year fuum Julius, made public the matters ,.
Furthermore, since August Bifexti vice corrected it, our ancestors!) fupi.
On the Trinity, and of the failure is lost. What we wish to perueniffet! In.
* 3 2 1 5 from later2's e p h o s c a 1 1 50 G E R 1.
You see the brick was thrown intercalation in the fourth Julian A.
fuiffe with the IVth. The first of January for the first time bifexti vitiofi ,.
Only three quarters of fupr readily available from running out. which so far.
Quantity can not constitute a solid day. You see, beyond 37 years.
Julian intercalation vitiofam entitled to twelve hours after that.
rather than intercalation, this year Julian, 38, Cæsar Augustus, C.
March Cenfofino, C Afinio French c o s s. eDiets Fanx as two.
Twelve intercalation tranfigercntur the end of the year. You have already, as Pliny testifies the ,.
The year began fidera stay. C. Cæfar we decided to start.
1 Aries on March 5. Julian V 1 1 1 thirty years of that time.
down on 28 March. For the year in the cycle Sunday bettered.
2 5 for the week of March 3. The vitiofo, Thursday 1. The difference, three. B.
Iuffu years to the end of the 1 x 1 bifexto pass as three days away.
, they were twelve years in the grade FAILS x 50 x 1 Iuliano.
Some time later she fequens, that is to say, quinquagefimus, he began with the quadrants.
I bleached. Because of this, the fourth year here four quadrants of it.
Day finished the duly began on the first of the year.
Julian, 53, feptimo fourteenth cycle corrected. He will model.
merologij by Augustus, and we mend our ftand the incifo that they are in Rome.
found, fubiecimus below.
O 50 O G R H E 1000 E 1000 1 5 1 4 50 1 N A N A L N
1 A N. A. K. K. FH FEB. N 1), K. MAR. NP.
1B M A N E F.
100 100 B N F C.
ID 100 "100 N. G C.
* No N. F 500 n on H C.
D E F G A NP h o c. 500 1f. CAE's A r.
G 100 F N Pontifi. Maxi. Factor. 1SR.
A 100 G No. 100. F
From AG H N 500 C.
B EN N EC
100 NP, CA R. b n f C.
ID 100 100 N G. C.
E 1 D. Np, 500 EID. NP: H N.
F en 500 1 E s. r 1 1 r o s e n A Eq. NP.
G CA R. Ex.s. c. ] F E B 55 EP 1 NP, R. D. N®.
A 100 G EN 100 F
A 100 A candidate R. NP 500 LIB. NP.
A B 100 100 EC
<100 100 100 B F QVIN. X.
ID 100 100 100 G C.
E 100 500 PER AL F H C.
F 100 E 100 A N.
G B NP 100 F O R T VBIL. Np.
A 100 g re GIF, No. 100 G. King. CF
A 100 A 100 500 C.
From a 3 N 100 E.
 Q NP NP: B E F H oc. 500 1 1 c s r se.
500 100 100 59 1 from the AND 1. A s c s • 1;.
E F G 21 9 C.
Fn. 1 H C.
G C. & C.
31 | BC
C. K.D from 31 E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 1000 50 1 B. v 4..
233.
C.
Id.
C. K. A PR. N H. R. 1 VN. 5 N E. K. G. X.
F 500 100 1000 From Rt. CA R. MO | F 100 F 500 R. h o c # 1.
• AR 100 E 100 S Tc S RH SP 1 5 1 1 1 c.
UD 1 B 50 F 100 100 G 100.
MA AG 100 100 1000 A 1 H C.
A NO NO NO N G LVD 500 F. X.
H NP 500 50 5 1 E N BF
A N N F 1 50 5 500 100 C.
B N 55 500 1 n where G me. IN. CA. 500 C.


Page 157

 Fac = A & R.
500 N LVD. The circus. || A Est. XF. FR. A 1 S P A N V 50 1 1 ς.
E N A N F C.
F N LVDI 'Ceres B MATR. N, G C.
G EID. NP: LVDI 100 N H C.
H N 1 55 500 500 E D. N. S e id. N®.
A F ord. NP 55 from E N BF
B N LVD 1 500 F 100 F Q._ s T. C.
VDI G N 100 50 100 500 C.
A 55 1 500 500 N 100 E P O R T. NP.
E CER. No. LVD. A 100 F C.
IRC B 1 100 100 N G VIN. F. F.
F N 100 100 H C.
G par. NP 500 100 A cons. NP.
H n e B EN 100.
In F A 5 100 100 5 OL C. NP.
G B 100 100 500 C.
B. A NP 100 RO 100 E P IC. NP.
A 100 F C.
JD 100 B G 5 Q LT. NP.
E 100 100 100 H NP h. D. A R A vicroRrae.
F NP, R. I. V. D. F 50 Q 500 F.1 n. C v R E P A 1 x 1 c. sτ's.
LVDI 100 100 E G A F.
A 100 LVD 30 1 BF
30 100 C.
 T 30.
1000 N A. K. I. F. K. July. 500 N, K S E P T, X.
MP 100 B F G N 1000 O O O 1 S F c £ R. N E p.
100 100 H N. E n.
ID 100 a NP. . . F NP.
100 E \ B P OF Lif. Np G 100 55 500 Roman.
J. 100 100 N LVDI Appos 50 h No 1 Lin X. F 50 500 V ,.
G N N N N 500 ON. 1 A F N LVD LVD 1.
1 B C D E N 50 VDI 100 LVDI.
A 50 N M E N F LVDI 100 100 50 UD I.
Q B 100 100 500 100 £ 1 LVD LVD I.
100 LE M. N H E 100 50 1 100 LVD VDI.
NP 500 50 5 D. MA Rt. A NP LVD 1 F 100 50 UD I.
 In CIR.G B 100 50 VD. IN. CIR. G N 50 UD I.
E \ N 100 100 1000 LE M. K. H ER ei D. NP.
F 100 500 EID. NP: ME RK A F. F. R. Q v o p r o b.
G e id. NP E F E R 1000 R. B. LVD. ROM].
F F F F 100 1000 ER K NP. 100 R 100 ,.
A 100 G 100 100 100 K MER round C.
B 100 M ASV SA. NP: Merk 1 500 100 1 100 N UN C.
A 100 50 100 100 VD. 1 E c T. force blind 100 round C.
500 100's from R. F 100 100 In IRC.
E AG NP: B 55 100 SA. 50 UD. G 100 1000 E RK.
F N 5 100 100 50 501 100 1000 E A R K
B. G TV NP 500 N ept. LVD 1 A 100 Merk.
H Q. rex. GF E N LVDI B NP 1000 ERK. H. D.
A LVDIS 100 100 100 F FvRR NP: A w c vs. fw. wATALis.
UD 1 500 100 50 100 100 G B 1. V p. c 1R c.
A round 100 100 100 C. EC
In CL 100 500 100 A A C F C.
E 100 100 B round C. G C.
F 100 100 100 101 In R. C. h. F.
G & C. 100 500 100
31 31 30.
5; i. k.2 3 4 1 1 S c e p h o s G Ε Α ΕΙ Κr.
K. K. Oct. . A. K. N Vern. X. G., K. 500 BC. N. A.
100 F. . B. A.
100 to 100 A.
E 100 500 B.
* No N. F F 100 100 Non. F
G F 100 50 5 500 1 D.
H N O N F 100 50 1 UD EC
A F | A LVD 1 100 F C.
B 100 A. 100 50 5 500 1 G C.
• 100 100 55 500 100 B 1 H C.
Med IT R. 500 100 100. 50 5 500 1 A Gon. NP.
E W G VST. NP: 500 100 50 5 501 B E N.
F FON T. np e EID. NP E p v l. D. C. E 1 NP.
G E N T 1 N 500 1 100 500 F
D. NP, 1 H E F O R E Q_v 100 e p r o B o ns. NP.
A F 100 50 VD. Pl e B. At 1 F C.
J. 100 CIRC. G S T T Ε R 1 ae \.
A 1 100 100 N DR C. S A T V N.
ID From RM up a 100 In CH 100 100 R * T * 8.
E B 100 100 1000 OPA ER K. L. NP.
J. K. B 100 100 100 100 MER. I.
100 500 100 Merk. 100 504. NP I '.
A 100 100 500 100 E '.
From 100 100 E 50 F SA. Np *.
3B G 100 100 100 • F.
100 100 F 100 G 100,.
500 100 50 VD. Vict. A 100 M 100.
A 100 x B 100 E 100 LVDI
IF 100 50 5 500 1 100 100 B 100.
C. of VG 50 5 500 1 500 100 100 F | ;.
JH. 100. E • 50 VDI 500 f h.
F E 31 100 100.
31 31. \\.
Julian day of the year, so it would seem for example, are marked by oétonarios h.
vfque the letter H :, since Roman ogdoas contribution to the 100.
• um feruabatur for fairs, vtapud Hcbdomas for Jews.
Saturday account, from which we have learned. In fact, after the time of Theo.
dofij them, yea, from the times of so much Dionyfij Exiguus, Roman Calendar and the.
In hcbdomadas taxes, and the cycle of the moon in the margin appofitum you.
golden number to call, for example Kalendarii Alexandria. Is.
The number of tea annotabantur Julian Calendar do not strain.
For Christians, after it was discovered the Nicene council.
poffim doet not cease to wonder, as the fate of the men, who are affeuerant also the epa.
Julius and insisted on the calendar fue impreff. You might say that both them and the Sofigenc.
In confilium from Diétatore adhibitos. What? not doótiffimus MA.
Thematic German scribe be at a German baron vidiffe D.
ampliffimum comment on the number of golden C. Cæfaris ,.
They comment on the code vetustiffimo fuiffe described ?.
Even stranger is the beginning of these things. They speak from C. CAE.
Tell appofitum first day of January in unity, because this is the first effect.
Julian lunar cycle, which in Kal. nouilunia encounter them.
In view. But I must not it is true that, in the union of the lights is fuiffe.
Id. The first of January. In fact, the Indians, in the year, as we have said, nouilu.
I11l1111.
.
Succeeding E 500 N 500 E 1000 P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 E. 4. 2 3 5.
A contained no Kai. Mucharam as an end in India, but fertilizing of January.
was fair feptimi, which nouilunij Charaétcr, 7, 1, 94o. AtquiCæ.
Far knows vfum epaétarum not more, than the week he shall Iudaicæ.
So in the annals properties could add a new Moon notes that the star.
• Rum and the rise of the West, but not by enneadecaeteridas. For no.
controuerfia Easter native what effect the cycle of the moon, today only.
Jewish people & give & ti single Christian girl. The cycle ,.
I say », of the moon of the Paschal this method, we gave birth to us, rather than the fruit of the.
Cæsar credit phases. In chronic Eufebij year feptimo Iuliano.
notes, running Monday eotempore deprehenfum fuiffe. What will you do ,.
I do not know. And out of the vetustiffimis the writers, who are, indeed, there are ,.
B Julian, Marcus Varro a manner ordination of the books.
Rearing. His words are from the first book.

Page 158


With Aquarius, of summer, sit on the bull, Doth in the sign Leo, of winter in the Scorpio. When.
vniu / UIU / Mie third day of four $ € 5vic% settings of the mouse.
who was detained for the times, and becomes the first, it is effected, so that x ci have a Ver a day of scorching summer.
xc1 1 2 and 4utummus XCI, Winter Lxxxix. What redaéta to the citizens.
les nofiras, which are now, by the time the first worm. d. v 1 1 Eid. Sext.
From the winter. d. 1 1 1 1 Eid. ^ Iouemb. Obviously the civil Star.
wisely. Also, Cicero and Brutus and Caffius shortly before.
he wrote Varro same definition is used because that Cj.
Ceroni pain, éx δατοίγμα10 were forced to do this. mad.
Cenis a place for Oeconomici Xenophontei, where the growth together Greek, and borne away.
prevents the front, which gives the signal, Cicero November spray.
to be interpreted. He was not, therefore, Nouember the old days, who for the last.
{World to incur the Emperor Julian, but of course, Julian.
November understands. The journey turns behind the Economics dessert.
tion Star. Other appeals menfium, July and.
Of Augustus increased, and if quafunt of this kind, is better known they are, than can be held a second time reco.
certain angles. This passage, however he was demanding, as parapegma Sofigenis our meeting here.
iiceremus, that is to say fiderum rising and of the West, and, as Ovid relates in di.
cit, Lapfaque under the earth, and risen, I / gna They were made of Ouidio himself are, Co. Galway
Columella, and Pliny allowed to imbibe. But so great is among them, for the three aw.
Daorum a discrepancy in this matter, as it has been better from this rc from the visum.
The lazy ones, to propose to the uncertainties of risk to security. Tell of a mighty know how much a.
Pliny and Ovid relates differ in many things, when in fact they and so each editio.
Cæfaris end fequi seen. They have an excellent Commentator.
resolvable Cl. Ptolemœi incrrantium stars out signals from.
Nicholas Leonico old English conuerfis. His book remembers.
give when he writes, among other things Ptolemæum cdidiffe 4tfa & £ $ z e ἐπισημα.
Quy dsig® ®® ia ft. .
5 4, 500 E.
2 36 1 o s e p h i s c a c e r i Li.
AE 500 E A N G N P O R T 1 v M.
A T 100 100 A 1 C.
with Julian, the nations and of the provinces of the Roman world from the ediota 500 v o.
Ssat to distinguish the civil year of the Romans, they did not receive, in the caufâ.
C. Cæfaris was too early death, which falls in March.
Julian productive years. Why in tricefimo feptimo killing Caef.
ris, EMIF has been rich in eDiets of the year of correction, by C. Oótauius Caefare ,.
from which and from the nations, imposed upon the form of the Empire, and the years of the Roman. However.
Aegyptij already received in Nabonaffari 719, where Anthony &.
Augustus, Cleopatra in a naval battle to force Aétium headland and TI.
equal. Ptolemy Nabonaffari from noon to Thoth Philippean MOR.
Alexander tie collects the age of 42 and tiacum 4. On the Thoth A or B.
719 294. The sum of the year, in the Egyptian Perfect 718. Therefore, Thoth us.
Nabonaffari of Thoth A & tiacum. Cenforinus the year in August.
Rum 2 67 Aetium effects Io14 Iphias and 986 Nabonaffari. Therefore.
Aetium year occurred in the current year Iphias 747 and 719 Na.
bonaffari. Again, how much can you learn from those things out next year.
Julian difputauimus, on the first occurred in an Iulianae.
whether Nabonaffari running 7o3. But if Aetium year with.
gruit the year 719, the year it was Julian, 16, whose August Thoth.
A & tiacum operations. Nabonaffari 719 is a 19 year cycle Sunday Na.
bonaffari. Out of the country charaeter Thoth is the first day. Which.
In the second match 2nnU1S cycle right column Sunday Giuliano o C.
& So was. The Sunday version E, at last August. A fourth year.
Rum Nabonaffari 176, 18, 56 deducted leave time exaete 1 2 o.
18, which will undoubtedly begin from the last 719 years of Augustus. This.
He was the true reason is, if the priests of the Roman Bifexti intercalation reet.
obiiffent. Now that Cæsar straight year of improving form.
docuiffent, are to vitiofam lees well refined, so that the Romans, till they heard from fecun.
eDiets do that EMIFS Oétauius Cæfar, intercalatio end 12 years.
Do not pass iuffu, they insisted to reet the way of the intercalation. Therefore.
, and the year 16 Julian, the Augustus, I THOTH, in 719 of which it consists, ha.
bifextum vitiofum 600 orders that have a year in the Julian day.
the first, in the letter is C. And so, Thoth, whom it is due literaC, for the sake of the feast of Saint
the first, which was his charaeter, he goes off in the 29 of August, when I am.
thodo be corrected in the last cycle, Augustus. This is the reason.
Why August 29 is the first of Thoth fixed origin. How to corn.
straw and tentaffem, if emcndat cycle, it is not the reason for habuiffem vitiofi.
Finally, in Julian, the 49, who was twelfth for the twelfth running of them ,.
whom the Augustus is the end of the intercalation tranfegit, imputarunt a quarter of an.
at the end of the day on 28 August menfis and quinquagefimo ongoing for years.
Fined E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 E. 4. 237.
"At the end of the day eiufdem 28 began on the day that one of the quadrants.
i.
four mine. A straight intercalatio which was the first in years and throws.
Why Thoth A & tiacum fell into tricefimo Augustus, almost 3, cy.
heaven of the Sun an improved xv t the Romans, however, centefimo oétagefimo day.
After Egypt fuum Bifextum right between the terminal & Regif.
intercalarunt immunity, Julian 53 years, so it is above the difputata. Ah.


Page 159


We intercalation days before his native celebrated on August 29 ,.
she dedicated to it. Passioni Baptist and fuum Thoth differ.
in ; o of August, one, however always find its way into breaking the neck of John.
end. The trouble is that in Embolimæo their festivals and festivals.
Bdies day before the ecclefiarum Roman, Greek and Antiochian.
celebrated. Plutarchus a ey u% o oye, $ ratio of Egypt speaking, no.
a manner other than A & tiacum menfibus, that is fixed, not transients. For.
the book Zi loiaus *% Oofe / J ©, Taj% you Agazfiiou Άάγεσιν £ 0.
d% g% ἐπί σεκα μ'ινός A3υς, άν ἀ τὸν Σκῶςτίον ό λιθ 'άζειαν. Athyr in.
quoScorpium permeates the sun is just Athyr Emperor and A & Tia.
CUS. But what was the time when the sacta to think them, since there was no Athyr fixed.
No one, indeed you would think to Plutarch 's aego ^ Mffixâ, that shall he imagine this. High.
what the writer who, in these things, for he is a boy. For this, why should we say ,.
When Ipfe be more clearly betray those who are in the same book, adds ?.
Άά μ'ινός A $ p d @ 39% & P / τό OO 20 ^ £ y and QW, ότε ά ἐτησίων ἐπιλτόω ,.
100 τωήαπσαὐ δ ^ e Nάλ © Jwzy05ä, γαμμάτω δ η χόeg. After a fair trial.
Autumn and no components that contact the child Egyptians know. B.
He is just a Athyr imperial. Also, άγὰ Παωφ μιωδς μέ τω.
& Twa / y'u) iamuseiaw. No Plutarch menfes AEgyptiorum £ lamb.
tit beside AUGUSTALES, as you see. But you must pardon to him, menfes which are fixed and AE.
antiquity is of ancient attribucnti runs from the lowest to the Egyptians, who are: Llinares as soon as he does, whom.
Already on fixed Law. Who would be his collaborator in keeping that is about to be excused.
please tell me: Speaking from the rich Athyr i £ d) öμὴ said, a D x%. t'w, Ooi.
eJ% %% τελᾶτ'u) Aiyóíiot u% ^ & g aiy & I ua ^ 15a) £%) καταδ).
Άς Ἀχngs, and η τωτέλ'w®. En menfes Llinares, who 7: iaxo / $ Muag & G.
all he knew, and whom he had previously been, what is more, those daggers that he did. A pair of ER.
Dror below: J r teiaxaò requires uluô iogr 3% ου όφ3a ^ μῦ σge γά.
$ Aioy, ότε σελήνη έ λεθ 'ἐπί μιᾶς δέβείοις χάχόασι. And eiufmo.
you try the same things, always think in their ignorance on the top of the writer of the gods.
For example, when the concept of Romulus, writes Matt Choiac or.
no first is the ongoing, combined lights Echt.
ptica. Here, too, it is of Aetium, menfis, it is not Philippeus, or Nebo.
naffari. XIX match the time of day of December. Conjunction Mcdit.
The lights of the previous day, the cycle of the moon nine. Not at all.
there was an eclipse, the anomaly of the breadth of the moon, of such an extent in opposition to the. This ta.
£ AMCI) 2 38 1 1 o s e p h e r i s c a i G 50.
men professes fč place from Varro, Plutarch, Varro.
ipfum of L. Tarrutio Firmano top mathematics |.
didiciffe. Therefore, Plutarch menfes Egyptians.
fixed realize eofdemque in the ancient writing.
HALO Christian Clement of Alexandria.
let stand out fine, though it is clear from Au.
was intense, the times of which are fixed fuiffe: how they are deceived themselves ij ,.
who is the author of them, even unto them that sold, decide that Diocletia.
Surely! When desirable Astronomicarum of danger.
tiffimo, why do you not think at all, Thoth Nabonaffa | |; :.
n vague, if the first year of Diocletian pinned native |; *?.
not in the 29 of August, but only in Jn July to the state of debuiffe? 1 41 2. 6.
But even after all the Roman indiétiones | [3] i.
Constantine, at the time vfque lustiniani | '?.
Emperor Diocletian vfus years is that & | i ».
Egyptians today are vfu flue Elkupti Christianity.
end. Thoth the years since the beginning of the year] * *.
Christ Dionyfiani 284, Julian cycle Sunday xiii | |.
__.
| A.
!! iiijti.
6.
i 3?.
_.
1 3.
1.
5.
27.
Monday XIX, cyclo Sunday Aetium force, on the force, the year | i |, '\.
Actiaco 314 proindc begin their cycle of Sunday | ;; |; e \.
[LATERCVLVSTMENSTVMTACTTACORVM. | J | j..
AEGYPTIOR.VM dessert. J ÆTHIoPVM months. §§ | ij | c t ,.
Was it cs * | ans farafaramls b l •.
And cis | <Pope IIaa4 q \ @ Go +: [Tikmith 2 || 5.
J3 ^^ Hathur [A3) G 3 EC's [Hadad 4. '7 li.
 EX € ¢ = Chiao, Xoucix: tihuJjv :: 7ach / AS 6 || 2.
«) • 7'ube And Tv% ;; Tr 1 | 4.
J · *] & amßhir | 1000 * x * | f t: [Iachathith | 3 | 6.
100 ^ ® Parmahath m) Aue | oson * ;: <Magabith 15 | 1.
$ 9% y? Parmude || Barbula Ji [revolutionized P: [Miazu z || ; $ 500.
J & W Paßhmes IIøy || 73 :: [Ginboth 2 || 5.
^} [Payne IIowyi St ', 3 J £ / 26 4 I7 (.
Q ^^ *) Epip ETI®i h ° ^ :: [Hamle 6 1 2.
qsj.% / £ / 0RI M®. * ®: [Naha /? 1 14.
O ~] [j? irayiy pa, I **** JPagomen. | 3 | 6D E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 51 B. 4. 239.

A pit 13 from our own. and in the method by vtriufque of the cycle, for brevity, cauff ,.
I integra Diocletian affumunt years, but one year periods.
Dionyfianae. In the year of 1582, Thoth Elkupti as it is, starts.
29 Augustus. Eratquc year from the beginning of the Diocletian 1 299.
Already passed two periods Dionyfianæ, which makes a total of 1 O64.
He left behind 35 years 2 pcriodi III, who continued vfquc.
5; 2, which is the measure of a great period, diuifis z 3 5 through 28, are left.
The solar cycle follows annusxi köpte and Ethiopians, inlineafub.
Our IEETA refpondet z 3 cycles. The third line has to be regulated v.
Saxons, who in appofitum the fruitful Virginity of the line charaéteris menfium compounds.
On Wednesday moon Thoth annia Emperor 1 299 a year.


Page 160

 In fequenti 1 2, the same three regular Characters ap.
pofio constitute a fair Thoth 1. 3 O & thother will be in August in.
I was beheaded season, what ecclefiarum Roman ,.
Antioch, Constantinople pridie respect. These Regu.
Elkupti homes and Ethiopia Plinthion Greek word, that is DR.
risk, call the bones in the accounting Æthiopico explained. In the quarter.
1 line is dear to both, and three times that of the previous line Characters menfe.
was nominated and brings about the same thing, which is regular, of one of the lines appofiti. Open.
is to be, therefore it is called by a character dies THOTH neomcniæ of John, with the neo.
Paffione is made to the remembrance of the walls there was dedicated to Thoth scmpcr of John the Baptist.
Menfibus Elkupti vetcrcm the appeal of Alex added.
cmus, to compare them to each po / FIS. They are the same, for some time.
away from the old, however, as well as the name of your schism. At the same time, too, that they carry them ha.
beres corrected. For the English edition and in the Albateni.
But they are usually vitiated guidance Alfonfinis menfium appel.
lation. td; The Ethiopians are still irayoμάίας O N A L N E 1000 vo.
cant: N 1 If Coptitae. Albatcni said to be 'A N G Ahir. However.
Many of the auetorem distorted, they have a fine interpreter.
scitia, fine Librariorum fault. That when you read it in Alkepc.
For Elkupti. For cuptas voice distorted ex Aijvîß 'so that the Ethiopians.
GIBTS yet say for Egypt. Also, when we read it in writing.
HALO, Tarich Elkupti been forged by the death of Alexander, and nevertheless the opposite differences.
500 rentiam Tarich Dilkarnain decided Each is 587 years old.
falfum. Albateni not a mistake, but by copyright. For if he that year, El.
kupti be supposed from the death of Alexander the Great, more ancient than those of z ,. Tarich effet sense sought
How Tarich Dilkarnain. But now, out of the Tarich Dilkarnain iubeas I went away.
587 Tarich Elkupti wax method. But, listen, and the number is 587.
fl it. There is difference Tarich Dilkarnain and Elkupti, or above.
59 5. That was the difference adieéta years of solid military Diocletian.
produces Tarich Dilkarnain. dctracta and the appointment of Dilkarnain.
  Oh tullí2 4 1 1 o s e p h e r i s c a 50 1.
determined that Diocletian. This is a useful brass plates Theonis. But the men A.
ho, of the Alexandrians, the names of the Arabic Christians alone Elkupti fium.
day vfu equal. For Muhammcdanorum of the common people therein shall not know. Do not mi.
imagine, however, that A 1000 S C H 1 R μαχάς for writing. How often do you χ.
Before the Greek letter "* Oh, and in 1000, V, and an Arab express the fuum 10.
kind of casting marked with triple apex. The utterance of what kind of man of a rooster.
the public is c H C H E C T 1, c HI SE E & Hifpanorum x x A R A V E ,.
ENxvT o e e Nx R 1 R: absolutely quality of fonus Jewish y whom.
refpondet C5 ~ Arabic. Vtraquc also host a fue mi.
merotrecentorum attention. The sayd fonus estGræci χ in dχλλάς ,.
χελόm, χάςες, Sec. indeed, today announced that the Greek populace B.
that even in the thick ancient, so it Xgxí ^ α ©, £ apczyas the EU.
Angelio paraphraser Arab (three diuerfa with me.
I) with the letter x back the fuum CS> <s. But it seems strange.
rl not be sustained. I do wonder more in Paschnes version χ before ZT.
p. £ Ya comes back through and •>. © genitiuus zrazów and is not an.
Likewise nominatiuus τσχά. For it is not Paschncs, but Paschunos legen.
While it is fiquidem apiccm grammarians were added o £ 3. Pair.
Maath are far removed from the original φαμμάμω. Rcliqua am.
inhibits nearly equal rights reserved. In harmony with these menfibus Elkupti C.
for we have added from the regione fingulos black as an Ethiopian, whom he removed from the city of Kairo.
tranfmifit good to us some facerdos Ethiopian hand sua examined.
further injury. .
500 E R N A N N o S o g r o R ​​v AE 100 M.
 A 500 e c o n e s that under the Seleucids in Syria and Asia ,.
lyocantur by the Greeks> & 9i »us, Arabs and 3 <j <J at all.
Greeks. In Syria two years old at the beginning of the period vtcbantur offenses.
UP and Calippico Moon, the Chaldeans, in the Chaldean D.
Lunari. Aegyptij they took care of years ago by the death of Alexander & call.
Philip years, the aim of which the first, the second also. Quorum.
Although the head from the death of Alexander achievable, although Philip's account.
That diet, because this is already being called. Thus period.
Callippus Alexandria took place in Syria, twelve years after the death of A.
Alexander. And according to an nominauerat Callippus and for that point.
Alexander & postcritas the youngsters, who together with her pcriodo Macedonia.
~ • • donicaD Succeeding E N T E 1000 P O R T A 500 V 1000 50 1 E. 4. 44T.
.
Adonico VFI are, they called Alexandria, so it really is. Founded.
For the period of the Empire, Asia by Callippus are in the favor with Alexander. And.
has hitherto been called by that name, by those who make them, historical epoch of servitude, and the Syrians the men ,.
Syrochaldæis and other Christians who are in Ecclefiam Antiocheham.
Contribute equal. They call for ®® * * <> J z)>, that is: A A A M.
A 50 N 500 from A R E A call Marcus Albateni • >> NEI.
  >. 1. \ N 37! Nat & * $ 100 Jose by name. '}; Teans ,.
dilkarnain, irozlw & hxigores, that is Alexander. of which the reason for this procedure.
rcddo elsewhere. It was an epoch beginning of Oétobri Rome.
no, that is the Hyperberetaeus Macedonians. In fact, this is the start of Alc.
XANDRI command, Vt.


Page 161


, nor for so that the mind SYROGRÆCORVM.
Ceffer repeated. • • • • _ ^.
óúñïöïí [7% w prior Si) po / rcte [October.
Antiochus freed another tiff [7Dius * NouemberTT.
no Patriarch sub [(aged prior |> Pelleus December.
The doctors believe that the beginning of [the crooked one le4udynæus [Iamuarius.
This serse, be lcAsbat skilled in February.
According to the EC duty of Adar 7Jyfirus T | J5 / artiusTT.
clefiæç; % WI / AM April Fare.
Politano, the Kai. Ijar sºrtemjfiusT | JfaiusTTT.
100 Elul flue Seven | £; j | j ;; * - --- ;.
bris. The EC Hincenim Hazra / right [Ianuas__.
Greek clefia years [***** "pane | Julius.
I was at the head of the institutions' sub Lous _ _ _] On July __.
it was made with indium [Eilul. Gorptaeus September.
And the relationship.
he began to form. Since the beginning of September menfe smoke and.
Quinquennalibus Panegyri, fine indiétionibus constantinianis ,.
In addition, Samaritan of the year Sunday to determine the popularity of Elul ,.
This is a Seventh indeed in small menfium you dear.
they sent a, Elul family leads, such as the Jewish tifrum a year. This.
A £ fimpliciter digit is dropping in a Alexandra or AE RA Alexandria.
drea Seleucids, the next of which will begin on the first of the year i9o6.
Oétobribus, in the year 1594. Was not His whole years had passed since the Lord 'in the vernacular.
Calippicis moon and the Chaldeans, also Periodicis Macedonia.
Solares Julian year of publication are carried out on this side of himself are Julian this.
The 45 years that preceded the first year Dionyfianum year IP.
fius grg 2 67. But diferte testifies Eufebius. From what we have.
tion Giuliano, in the care of arranging believe Antiochcnfes. Therefore.
N. o s e p h ipfez 4 2 1 1 50 1 Sc A G E R 1.
yourfcif Eufebius year Antiochenfium 3 2 5 contributes to the year Chris A.
STI 28o. The same way, namely, inasmuch as including the interval between the year 45..
publication of the year and the Christmas àvayoy, productive Dionyf.
stand. This year Antiochenfium Julian Ephiphanius.
>} ^% 0y widely accustomed to call canons, called Acts ,.
fimpliciter%% τες E '' UA3 too. Iofephus in a note.
appel of Macedonia in a manner not to the Roman times and things.
menfium motions Julian, and it is only in the last book.
αλέσεως. The Romans needed at least two in number, are convenient for menfes that 's all.
days, but they differ in the soil. For the Romans, from the of January, these are of.
Hyperberetaeus flue begin to change in October. Auifena poppy for me.
minit Nifanius and tifrum Solarium. And the rest do not need to explain it a B.
tluI1C.
500 E A N A N N 1 5 50 1.
A T H E E N S N 1 1 5 Marcus.
NNI attics and Elidenfium beginning of the month.
Hecatombaeon, as it contained many things in the Julius came in the Roman incidiffe.
mum is clear from them that the first difputauimus. For.
Hecatombaeon ever nearer to an end in the ninth day of July. C.
the boundaries of the form of the Juliana, was already fixed in the head of the Hecatombaeon on the Kalends.
July. This is proved by Lucian, in his life, for, sojourners, diferte. For the C.
From the Olympic celebration, still crowded Panegyri at about noon.
Sojourner night fefe exstruétum pile driven into the moon county.
the new method. x £ * {d) said, if Aeum aiir {AA (I3 $ $ xgxei / lw.
$ Edσαὸς% x) ^% soy igyoy) A * {& ου έαά. Travelers death crests.
In the Olympics, cited Eufebius 2 x 1 1 1 3 6. The cycle of the moon so.
xv 1 1 at the end of July, it was a moon vicefimum or vicefimum first. And.
besides cleared up in the middle of the night. But from this first book.
quintade known work is usually celebrated in the Olympic competition.
Cima menfis first. And so, the same effect of Hecatombaeon with him, tartar of wine ,.
Julius, who, on the fifteenth of July was celebrated centers, and the third day at a D.
.finito moon vicefimum contest. For Hecatombaeon said.
At first menfe Elidenfium that both effent of summer. Menfe.
& sacrifices of the Athenians, however, an appeal all together, from high festivals, such as.
AJ was $ £% gia, ἐλαφάλια, Gondejua; uauuaxrfie / 2, Sec. But he that is.
aj3e5nja, April, or nowhere to turn, do not abluderet from the etymology of the. Ellwood t.
April by revealing that they are brought flowers and plants that point.
Also j $ £% 3E%, which was the first blooms of the season. Again.
μαιμακτη € μόν English entirely effect Februarius.QuamuisenimFebruarius.
• Roman, 1) E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 1000 50 1 B. v 4. 2 4}.
A Roman and maemor of other Attic differ situ, however, clearly with.
they come in rituals, divine, and festivals that are either expected.
For μαιμακτῆεμα the word February. And that in February Feralia.
God, the shades, so the maemor & teriones Πομπαῖα him day reality.
fpondebant, Xao 3 IIouaeafe Eguâ by Mercury souls and MA.
dcduétore ends. Finally, as the Lupercalia Caefarum goat City.
surveyed, and the februabatur, so, too, have flayed the victim of februabantur.
Athens. Skin, PC City. Eustathius φασίν, ότι.
PC éxaxay x®) ov iigeie TV %% &% x% by Aii μελέχω, ubi; 45i).
(4; MauuaxtM2ωθ 'μ'ωός, ότε ήγοy @ @ IIouaeóìa and xafiappjJ x £ o.
λω άς% τειῶδες ἐγύς. An interpreter is not, however, of Demosthenes, Ulpian claims,.
i p meet agreed with menfes rated in Demosthenes in Rome.
end clothing. For, in the $ z $ € ¢ us, where a spokesman said, μ'ινὸς Eλα.
qγέολιάδ 'ἐκτ 43iyoy * @ ¢, damages explains Σαίίεμέei8 eixoarreragrn ,.


Page 162

 Also μ%%% αρχηλιώσ μινός ,.
iile, Aaegi ie. Therefore, no longer thinking of Hecatombaeon, but Anthesterion shall come to pass.
Ianuarius. Finally μ'ιωός MavXia £ $ y. K, Ka) via, shall he explains.
IA, Sapie τειακο5. Three en January Ulpiani Sophistae Hecatombaeo.
end Anthesterion, Munychioncm. Qu9 tcne face Mu.
Proteus finally knot ?.
A 1000 E 500 N o * A A A A A 1 n o r v 1000.
'100 1 50 1 A N O. V.
Men s e s s o 50 A R E S A 1000 A A A A A 5 1 M.
> K> r / e liluli, so by August. [C September ,.
RT «» waw | Tffi [28 Sept | E Oäober.
"ÄavxxoA [Marcheßhbam || 0 £ 29 tob. | A Youember%.
Alt> 3: 5 [CASL 28% Nouem.lC December.
A / tat? Tebith 29 December. [F January.
T €% w. Schebat Jan 29. lcae February.
9 "XA2 oAdar 26 Feb [A J / soil.
500 J} ut% 1% Ni / Am 29 JMartij [500 March.
û42 (rt / t. IIara »8 April. [F Maio.
 £ rta3 SEBI May 29 [3 June.
3 '! {/ 5. Powered by 28 Iumij [500 Julius.
'3 / Leaeba July 29, [G Augusta.
 ttth% W% ^ 2 • One month, \.
 X. a. Sama24.4 1 o s e p h s c a 1 1 50 G E R 1.
Samaritarum Kalends plan the start of the Easter month of the year. A.
In fact, if otherwise, the year of the month Elul is to be the first to menfis of the ancient Constantinian.
For indiétiones. Which will make the Greeks. He has so many, the days of Adar.
How many Julian March, Nifanius, as of April IIara many Maio. The fic.
forward. But why is it the same to the number of days is in her menfibus Iu.
lianis diuerfa situ vfurpent know. Unless strong, which I think is true ,.
For fequuntur head Aetium year, which begins on 29 August. Pri.
the mouse, because their menfis the politician, as thou hast towards the geometrical constructions, it is.
Elul as Ecclefiastica month. Profeeto no better proof can Po.
test. Among them, intercalare Dulkaida Cumautem menfis of the moon, it is not.
is called the Dulkaida the other, but of the month Adar, and the other.
500 E A N N o 1) A 1000 100 A S E R N 5 M.
100 S P O R R 1 50 5 1000 S O R A i
A A B E's, as mentioned earlier book 2, and likewise the stamps ,.
From the start of the year while Æquinoétio spring. Times.
Epiphanij to its Simplicij and it seems to start on Jan. 1 xx 1
tiV happened fuiffe; The Arabs are those menfes care of my thirtieth habuiffè.
Blow for Aya from £ ^ £ a) to 1 x 11 V O and the orb, and proindc ,.
X X 1 1 A% ^ £ £ α} fell into a V 1 1 1 November, Auetore Temp.
Nio. Aλεῦμ to an end of a 1 x v 1 December. Therefore.
the sixth January in the xxi eiufdem menfis fitting that he should, as he is referred to, that Cnaeus
Ecclefiastica same writer. Ax force Octobris 1 1, 1 1 Ten to fifteen.
præcife fees, the days were freed I. x. There have been, therefore, to him, the mother of menfes.
narij, such as Alexandria and tiaci. Why two moons se.
Attributes of the juxtaposition of the day fifteen of January 1, and x v February.
Blow ἐπαγορ ων Arab x v 1 and March 1. Blow up first.
menfis eiufdem my two days in the Aequin & tiV Ptolemœi Security.
I warn the year 14o. I do not doubt, that, being what is true comes to pass, they prefer to.
the beginning of the year, I have been with them, especially since they instituiffè of fate, a really old one's.
Simpler as well.
An ,.
1 .: I.
] ON E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 Li b. 4. 34 ;.
A 500 E A N N 1 5 50 1 500 O N A L A.
 100 M A S E R V O N M E R
c 1 O N T E R V Marcus.
And today vfu Julian year is evidenced by the local lexicon.
with dried figs, falling upon an Augustus, I have the moon, of the gods in which the Mucharam.
ment Murragiab. For if Regiab fixed Augustus, rabies before it.
in October, answering Hyperberetaeus Alexandrco and Tifrin prions.
»Ri Fèvre. In the double use a year menfium Lu.
summit, and the solar year of days. .
} B.
Q VO 500 Damascus and hagarena alone once it has been fed.
500 E N T A N A L E N S 1 5 M.
, A N vs. Gazenfium was just Aetium, menfibus tricenario ;.

AE Macedonia. Marcus Deacon Ecclefias GA.
1 !, "zenfis calls Dion, November, December Apellaeon, and.
llS yndccima Audynæi be said celebraffe Epiphany flue as yourfcif to.
* Burden, theophaniam diem. Again and navigation sua, said J cæ.
I Piff sail fifteenth third vicefimum than a tenth of the effect oh.
* And despise April. This is entirely assembled in situ and A & tiacum men.
 "Fium and moons. .
* 100 500 50 E A N N o 1 v i a n o m s o N A N RV Marcus
NNvM Julian immediately after the initial nations and regions.
AE Roman acceptable in the fuiffe, now we have reminded. Hifpani events.
This took the form of Julian 7 years. Eofque years Cæ.
A fan vocarunt.Ea e r a e r A. A nominatiffima Hifpanorum.Qui
DIET suppose quasi A. E R. A. year to August, the first through.
of the tongue of the Roman refutation is desired, ca. their savings, who do not know how of writing.
Nufquam the old vfurpata, nor vfurpari poffe. Dcinde of the empire.
ness of the City that they do not know how many years in August standpoint.
do not poffe, July unto Cæsar, who they are, and whom he also the old Hifpani.
I 500 Julius Cæsar Augustus was not factual. Add a third of ignorance.
voice air. On the look book fequenti :.
500 E A N N 4 500 5 1000 AE O R S o la r i
VP Lici in use, Jews, lunar and solar, which only.
Conditions of the moon is passing through the tissue fubtemen than Himself; goes and returns.
from the foreign country, and to the care of which is the way of the mediation of embolifmi.
fummotus. Before the exodus and there is no doubt that the Jewish dies "246 1 50 1 o s e p m s e A G E R 1.


Page 163


Moon & menfis embolism, namely the tifrum although not tifrum ,.
but first menfis said. Then menfe spring for the head of the year.
fumptu acquittances bifextum in the spring time, and for the next spring.
I menfis orbit intercalatio institutions. After a loss for the year.
Lunar Calippicam a Seleucid period and the way they received ,.
There was no change of the year is to be in the nature of the Sun's. For Bifèxtum of them.
active between the first and the second April, which was Tekupha.
Nifanius. After this, Juliana, taking the form of, Bifextum after starting from an intercalary month.
between twenty and twenty 6 March, the system now that they got. .
And since Matt March, the second of April, which was fedes fish.
bifexti, fupcrfunt days of 7, therefore as many of the day to day eximüritur B.
to the Tekupham Nifam inuestigandam, just as, were thirteen cities out of the.
staggering when inuestigatur Tekupha tifrum. Tekupham vol.
can not a quarter of that year, Julian, that is established in the days of 9i, the hours of 7.;.
Only this time it was said to rest upon a single punótum in the Mofis Tekupha.
anteccdentis hid between the end of the year, and the head fucçedentis that.
that in the autumn, around the time of their last oxlwomy / 20 cc.
lebrari God ordered. So Tekupha, momcntum, autpun.
And then of time "in which, after the fourth year, the other flat.
drans starts. That's the point froin the fuperstitiofè practice it are, vt si an inch broad.
his hair off their post, to think that the great danger of death be armed bands.
For each one of Teku * -; C.
phæ fuum Clements | King w h * 3. Syap Rennie.
they divide. For instance | .
Tekuphæ Powered by the sun.
I 1 i 3. 4.
Scrnp hours. | Hours are scruples. | Hours are scrup. [Hours scrup.
i w.
stitiali attributes on fire. [££££ '|? -313- * [* - * | 3.- * T H E A T H | 3 O 4 | 1 3 O O || 4 3 Q || 2. 2 O 3.
Excefs of elements. | J * | f j | * AA | j j [e- i.
fu suppose danger | ^ »V2 I7I3Sl13T3SI P_3o] TT3C.
the bus was building up, for example, from the.
: Tekupha Powered ëxTÜg0ov, and in that moment Tekuphæ BI.
the bathhouse, or might publish it, when thou art reproved of him ardentiffima rebuked the fever would be realized. Appofui.
This Laterculum Tekupharum quadriennij one of the things that D.
driennio consccto returned to the world. In the year in which the Jewish people.
who was detained for diuife, of which it is easy to know what you ought Tekupha of the year takes place. If you later.
diuifione remains a united, Tekupha tifrum to 9. c. If two of you.
Kuphus tifrum to 3. a. And so on. When the hour is beneath it.
1 2 then fell into the night, since the majority of the day, and reject.
dæ hours are 1 x 1. Tekuphæ are fixed and only once in Corn.
I think the Jew, it stands as desirable balcony. Furthermore, one of the state.
In 2 of November, namely rnyn for a rainy funds for.
 INTERVAL Succeeding E N T E 1000 P O R T A 500 V 1000 50 1 E. 4. 4.>.
2.
Y
A deluge fell fortnight 1 1 menfis fertility, which was at an end.
V 1 November, with the first new moon menfis in making Muh :.
vii gods Octobris fuiffe use. There is a £ Tekupharum earlier.
fima concentration and digniffima known because of their age, prefer.
especially since the Greek and Aegyptij parts of the old four rounds, he is.
rum, of the other κόττα them quadrants, and the other was óagtg was used instead. Annum e.
In four simple mini Aegyptij όego and year star.
In four years fimplices paid. Greeks κόττα ,.
Tekuphis of the Jews from the Egyptians, nor are other legit. For Aggya.
& Apyov called ἐμέααὐ oaiee / A 'may also Aggya% e / yoy, d43a ^ μῦ Qgâ.
γάλεον. δ29) ότωόν, βακτηΖίας ηλίε, δ29) χάμεωόν, άπου ooie / â ;.
To set this out some of the Hebrews, an increase of the year, even those quadrants of the B charging him, and pity.
Nifanius they were beginning to, for the sake of a new Mofis paschal lamb a year: so.
Even Aegyptij from Sirius quarters of the care aufpicabantur (what.
Already mentioned earlier) because of the rise of the Nile, which was the first incident.
iebant it to be done then, likewise, because it is from the rising of the Dog Star of the year the state of Iconium.
He allowed plague or fàlubris 5 sterile be fruitful effect.
Cyril, and route / o George jiov ^ άμ $ μοι δηλάτω, IAU, and "άι γυόxa%.
5,24,3oi. τὸ α, Ute g τω δεὸ αημαῦegu. lai; δ tap ov% ijv d; i3 region.
I xaxay% £ & YG> Gel>, ἐλαιό όέ A> TPOKro N; e d'A.
D gaol% ^ & ν ἀγ λατόν αγίζω, δre μ§. μείων, ότε δέ joray YES ^^ ®). (e.
</.
άτε μέρ λαμπότε095, ότε di & τως, ότι δέ ό λόti 25 TJ '£ *% d.
csg2 Aia% λ'u) σημ {έμεθα Ζά τωτω έψ ά τά άνιαυτό μελλόlay τελάός.
â £ 6 x dλάγως τό άγιωτόν $ 1> In ά ^ ^ εον, Manlius from.
He also says that the Egyptians Orus from :.
But the man who / 's insistence, the first when it is rendered the rising of the ,.
JMontis from Excel / O / pecular top Bull ,.
The outcome of the corn variety, age and say ,.
gyæque health comes from the agreement as Sec. •.
It attributes to from Heraclides of Pontus, the same Ceis cicero, his book on the Diuind.
tion to thePage 163

 Clement :.
ci § Xai BaaiXeiJe% ßøîiaua6 G & J tlu%) iufeg yo% i% ot thank havx.
Rag & ofle; aiayyéwçoi. 44oi δ άνα, (O reflexoes; D * banana, CCL; Tißcpie Kajrap® ,.
τω τάχωαατω 3Tvê μωάς. But Epiphanius, he said, when He was baptized aego.
33 EID \\ w No μάia € "x3, Eßegiou; 1000> g </ σdó ídúgi. As fexta tenth No.
uembris feptimum menfis of the Jews was at that LEES OF WINE, thought, could he, and he did not do.
ing, except cyclo XIII, XVII command tiberiana. The estab D.
Furde. In fact, closer to the notion of fi us suppose that this was done was not able to.
Alcxandrea matter in the period when vtebantur Judah: I, except fifth cycle.
, All of which are childish. .
SECVND from E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T R A V 1000 Li b. force. 355.
A. S E N 5 100 5 500 1000, 100 N A S H A.
the deeds of John, was it of the head iii tur, an interview of Nicodemus, discef.
 Christiex bus vrbe, tranfitus through. For, from Galilee.
JERUSALEM needed to go through Samaria tranfitus ,.
According Iofephus. Tranfitus Samaria fell into Menfo Tevet :.
as already explained. Also four menfes fupererant to harvest :.
Menfis to harvest the fruit from the Ijar Nifanius, oétauus from tifrum.
Conieétus in prison because of the number of interesting games.
B of peoples, that they wanted to be seen, Herod had done, so that the matter was one, however, for the sake of.
Herodiadem. Fearing, however, and a great multitude of the disciples should not, therefore, Iefus fuo.
Rum fufpeéta would like diferte noted Iohann.iv. 1. 2. 3 again.
into fecessit. To this effect the fourth head of John. Hence.
Matthew begins with the message of Christ DX αας ό ό Inga, ότι δ12a #.
w $ 7rap £ d \ 9m, akzógnora him; t'u) Ta ^ / λαύν. Soon after, JG Xτὸ τέrs%.
* Inyáς κngJoriy. Clare Mark μγ δ έgdo $ τὸν Ιωσυνlu tree ,.
Ἀ from $ d Inyáς εἰς τω ta ^^ ajaw xngvorw% & * ayyiXioy ßaoiXeia; %.
Θεοῦ. The trip Fanata son of a court Herodiani, productive course.
miracles that Christ is the baptifmo games. He again repeats.
confessing Easter have been plenty abaptifmo and Dectue.
100 are now considering. Writes John is the beginning of v μζΊου% lw.
£ h £% O? FIadaiay e aj3n 6 Inzás to læger avuä. A menfe Tcbeth limit.
one of the tribes of the house of the feast, on account of the things that God had a fist, on the other hand it is.
The. It was pretty certain, therefore, at all that she has been íoí the Passover, and this work also.
Ancient writers Irenaeus vifum it. And so, menfes three of them.
continued into regions when John in bonds conieétus it. Enter.
Fanata a therapist to whom and to O & thirty years of inertia.
spirit. In this city of ipfas attend to the gate than τ, σ & ατικlu.
He calls alludes Nechemiyah but it is INxn YY, that is, you.
λη τgo £ αττό the pool synna, as it turns straight Paraphrastes Sy.
country. It is a house of Grace. They are so called, because of the salute by divine intervention.
500 sick tangent. In fact, fell into the water, by Divine movement had immerfi.
Clinics in restitucbantur intact. The whole process, however, for the fifth time the head of the dica.
as well as by a miracle Clinici shrines to them. After the fifth head magnushia.
frankincense fcquitur abruptly course of history. For Paul the start.
by virtue of the head, making no mention of the third, Keren into Galilee, and his journeyings and, He began to speak.
the things in Galilee, the city itself, which is the chapters quoted from Matthew xiv, to Mark.
by force, to Luke ix is ​​being taught. This leap from the Apostle carried out ;.
Nor was there any need ca repctere, which accuratc and the copiofa.
  Aaa 3 days.
From the preceeding phase, the menfem Tevet, comprehendun'556 1 o s e p h s c a 50 1 1 G E R ^ 1.
Three days previously explained, were the only other ἀλειπόμ $ μα A.
perfequatur. I know experts who Harmonias Euangelicæ history.
contexucrunt therein described by Matthew, from the fourth to the fourteenth.
head, and like the other two Euangelistis treats in it.
time together in the ongoing Passover that year and the ongoing Baptift.
suitable mate. But just as there are reasons to be less ,.
Why could He not have done that, even so send us Cauf have not been forgotten, why do you make it otherwise.
mouse. We praise their industry, and we are still pen.
tentiæ not regret. For that to John James, Marcus force ,.
1x Luke states were better part of the V & VI John.
iicienda belongs to the third Xwod muiav € ¢ TaAAajay and when.
John himself is still hampered. B.
The first time also.
Sixteen year Tiberij M. VinutioQuartino, C.Cassio Longino c o s s.
The cycle of the moon xii.Solis XI.
Xxxvii periods of the year is composed of the fifth to Alexandria, the ordinary of the common ,.
A civil tifrum 111 Id. Oétob.tranflatus from Monday 1 V in V; and that tifrum.
compiiti today's 379 years of Jewish o.cuius charaeter 4. 2 3.556.
Tevet 11 Decembr.feria twenty-third.
Matt Nifanius March, weekday feptimi.
The first bread, flue John Nifanius, April vii Wednesday fexta.
Julian Lxxv year. .
A true Christmas XXXII. G.
Dionyfiani account of today's XXX. .
IPeriodi Iulianae 47, 43 '.
Greece 55 38 Pascal account for these compiiti moon.
$ 524.
The year of 3979, Krion xvii. Zygon 1. 2 2. 41 ', Septemb.xxv.
A first Nabonassari Thoth, 777: Pharmuthi XXV.
A first Thoth A & tiaca, 50 Ix, Pharmuthi xn.
Lev Calippicæ fifth year periods, MavXia && refloxad'exdrf.
C 1 1 The first year of Olympias Aa'ata 3yd \% i5ap $ 8.


Page 164

 Between.
Confulatum of twins and Confulatum Vinucij with D.
Longino, Fatti interfere Sicilian red and Rubellinum: Epi.
phanius engineer and Rubellionem palm Christ suffered Vinicius.
& Longino c o s s. I wonder, then, accuratiss. Onufrio writer.
has been omitted mention of these Confuli, tametfi Falfas takes place. For.
He fell in the fifteenth year of the Tiberij Confulatus of Gemini, and, therefore, im.
Cycle XI. Confulatus the Vinicij x 11 Cyclum, or back out.
leio agreed that co writing and Characters in the book fuum.
illiannoD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 5 B. I. 55 ;.
Ailli appofuit year in the city of Varronianum 783, that is, cycle.
x 2. Therefore, no one year elapsed between the two as a pair, and Vinucius.
QUARTINUS. And when it was, and the year, Varronianus, 78; 78 2 becomes CATO.
workman & fast Capitolinorum wondered the same Onufrius that.
Fastis Capitolinis fequi be faced, and the fcquitur Conf.
broad Vinicij in the 78; the year of the city are. Forgot where it was.
We must consider these two c o s s. This red and Rubellionem fussèétos.
rumors. But what we fusseétos? Gemini? I do not know.
T E R N A T 1 5 1000 S 100 H A.
C O R T 1 1 Easter steps extant Matthew, John, Mark II ,.
Luke, the force of heads, of the Iefu Ôá Now to him who is living in avoeiuay, likewise.
corn and picked out one of his hands assriabant. That.
the fate of the Passover period immediately preceding point :.
in Nifanius flauescunt fegetes. But Lucas also ipfas of the day.
enlisted adding it was Vag £ α% d \ @ & jkogτςθ, namely Sabb.
and then, too, that what comes directly after the Solenne the Paschal mystery of fcquitur. For.
npsn n ^^ This is the Xai délie9: £ 3 IIøøgoz law, "ordered the seven Hebrew.
weekdays disadvantage. & My sabbaths ye, therefore, all the weeks of all things from.
Easter, Pentecost, the call of smoke in his native Xa) d \ / Tiegs.;.
£ raagam 1®. The interval Au.
100 tem say, that all of the days, that the collation has day of the week of Pentecost].
Greek Πεπαγω call lu 1341 GGT »% || 19 Ni / am [31 March.
DAEI called NPY T- yap Fc /%. όατε093 & rcé9; 2 6 Nifanlz. In April ,.
μός egyga £ 3] 3 ngmciu $ rjgt%, and 1 l; Ijar [14 April.
The companies because λῆ δ iegs and E & O Ijar 1 | April 21 *.
IIdago 'Omcr fiuc% d & χμα γα, τερgrauiíio [17 Ijar [28 April ;.
osserebatur of offerings. First, [341. egox% w || 14 Ijar 15 J / ai.
MA the week "which [341 GG @ oμον. 1, $ noose. | 12 May..
counted from the offering Omer -. • *. .
äicitur gJouas ętegτςόφ 'prolific 369 Ouds 3% lsgod) & © Reg. & Fic.
in succession: so that thou hast, so that you have in the index it, into which they attempt at Sab.
§ IIanizosii Dbata all things; of that year, of whom it is nunc cause we speak also. Intclligc.
Now u) IIaymxo; jy, the distance between Easter, to send Pentccostes :.
but not to the ipfum, it is customary Pentecost had come, In the same way μίæ a & j jk €.
EGY e FeII the first Sunday after Easter, the d ** \% and EGT £ 0.
R © Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday after Easter 41iegy d. Which is why the ageeg%.
King; '' ® is the first time Saturday that neighbors τ'ιω σείεgy & IIayz.
fequutum it. Hebrew is the ααββα% y daregata ?, NT * ivsy Naw.
vagga% y% vrsg99 & rspov nT £? v nag. For this, it is as well.
Aaa 3% σαββα y558 1000 O § 1 S e p h i c Α Σ Ι 100 Ε R
aragga "% d% xwi / Tíegς Agów, xai e d'A / ríeys d'érsg9y. Qgam from A.
Liena by the fenfu bring aboard the old and the complex K.
piphania κατ 'dύτων d. 197 Potcstscirc »with one of those places.
fuluerit. .
The first period also.
XVII Tiberij Cæfaris year. Ii. Caefare Aug.Germ. 5, L ailit itself.
Janus c o s s. The cycle of the moon x 111, Sunday xn.
Year of the periods of the fifth Alexandrcae defeétiuus of the common Ezek.
Matt tifrum civil in September, on the second tranflatitius. But.
Jewish today the year 3791, would have been 7, 8, 352, August B.
xvi plenty in common. .
Nifanius, March XIII, the third day of the week.
The first of unleavened bread, fiuc quartadccima Nifanius, xxvi of March. e.
Syria grain..

Julian Lxxvf year.
Avero Christmas chips.
Dionyfiani account of today's work.
JPeriodi Iulianae 4744.
Annunciation Greek Easter 5539, the same account of the moon.
$ 5 2 5.
The year the world's 398 O. Krion IV. Zygon 3, 4, 31, August. XXV. C.
A Thoth first Nabonassari 778 Pharmuthi XIII. .
A first Thoth Actiaco Lx, Phamenoth nal.
Lv 1 year period of the fifth Calippicæ, E ^ ^ 4. 3ολιόθ R £ V% welc.;.
τεοπαρεσκαρδεκατη.
The year is fruitful c 1 1 Olympias IIEE / tie d \ vrigg. 49iyoyr®.
Oh periods of the year and yielded attic, e ^ a4% λύ & τόμῖ, $ i \ ta. one.
it was, indeed, the moon, of the merely Elaphebolion. Who can set forth, are highly prized & er ,.
2.12.79 O, 1 x March 1, the day he fell in co MCOM.
Mia Elaphcbolionos.
Q_V A R T 1000 5 100 N A S H A. Id.
Ie true thirty year 1 1 1 1, which runs in the fourth.
Easter is the head of this conjecture, X 1 1 1 1 Matthew VI, xi111.
Mark VII, Luke, and John the Baptist, there was that two of the.
ta get the money in bonds at the castle, whose name Maxeue9%. From Britain.
Lord's passion, history from all euangelium with wire.
ance. They write that Matthew, Mark and Luke, Iefus ,.
Whereas>.
500 E 1000 N 500 E r. P O R T 8 1000 1000 V Li B. 6. 559.
More Advertising with he was in Galilee, vis lacumTiberiadis, to the appointed place fecessifïè.


Page 165


FUM from the when Herod was dead, and to fear, it is by His sword on all the orders of Iohannes.
was struck. This news, having received the Iefus, he says, Matthew, ajgxwg).
ágnuoy edge to τόπον κατ 'ίδίω. John adds only and, ziegy e $ being St.
Άαοτης passed. The four evangelists with one write ,.
Iefus fecutus was nothing wrong crowd and where the miracle of five.
loaves and two fishes he has committed. And all those, indeed, of Cuan.
gelistes this one confenfu. And the time that, as we have said, even thou only.
John calls. ίύδ ά%% IIøøgo, if AOIII AI 1 "Jaj" y. Here guar.
Then the phase of baptifmo, the sword that John iuf.
Efu Herod. Immediately, therefore, be kept within the limits of the Galilee, vfque ad fo.
Lynn axlwoTn) {ας. Then said John, μεσότης * io6j, Icfum again.
JERUSALEM company. μετοσταν ἐοζω calls that Jews were called in.
VIP. For the last day of the weeks being the dregs, to whom the work is made, between the two Sabbaths.
Interior & ti called in Hebrew, that is, the profestus, igyda.
μ © fiuieg% μζύ & raggalâ. In those solcnnibus the.
Oh, and for the seven days, or to engage in, always first grade.
Corus is the holiday of days, as is customary in vxlwotwy (AG, which speak.
models. Intermediates, is carried out. For these days, therefore, are and will be, are brought forth.
if, profess. But if on the same day intermcdios fell ,.
INA said boat, as the £ £ @ & τὰ μάά άοά. Vfus despicable forward to.
c prosecution reality of perverted. In fact, aa € ¢ the aisle, before, you were saying.
Wherefore by their Hebrew jnav. And he did not doubt, that the most ancient Jews.
άλλωται bid process AA% wash, for which the latter preferred μίz.
cra £ ίτων, do not go well. In my opinion, Aetis XIII, 14, τά άμέgg.
£ erase Lay read better than τω edge%. However, the older man.
mistake. In fact, we read of in his letter Samaritarum the court of Antiochus, t'u ».
C $% Iεδαρις λεγομάω ταθέστω ημíegy. Then Iofephus lib. John :.
It EX3% AA v £ άας € ίς τω τόλιν And book 111, Tlw ά} όμ'w íuíegy ,.
# Τις σαά% x ^ άται. how to Rad ') said χειμαj.
Jov * Kidgay: For nearly the fact, that when he said μα σαρ.
Garay, YD%% x% for the entire week, as well as for the ipfas.
1) feptimi week after starting vfurpari becomes. But the reality, and then it was.
first and τά μ% AA% la because, as Jews today.
~ Salad China, the latter preferred άλλωται & τέ μζύ σαββαῖαν ,.
, or give credit% μζύ σαρρατων. As stated in Sep.
with the είς dixidv, on behalf of EW oixig. Μ% & %% ασββατων is ratn to have.
& Sgyès fiuíegς calls Quaestiones Rome. It.
It read in Luke in Aetia cap. 12 i 7rap6xoiA and y @ $ ἐ in.
άς% μζά σα CCL ατων καλη3ηαι ω μα%%%%% / Jra. Nations.
4 aaa country; 6o. * 1 o s e p h s c a 50 1 1 G E R 1.
they prayed for him, as likewise other fèptimanæ deadly thrall set to expound to you the days of the same A.
tur, as well as on Saturday, when the Jews in the synagogue, and by which alone we may speak out.
Chas met. άς% μ %% waßßατων or what is the same, έν τά.
μ% & 3): Ga CCL and the row is rzwn win ?. So μεσότης άοςτίς, the μ άς% &%.
& Ogrjs yiam Ina. On the final day of the ceremonies, and R YY Hebræi, με.
d A'w John E. Éogτῆς ήμόegy calls, that is, τά άγόodò E. ax'wo7n} {ας ,.
xx1 1 tifrum, Lefui to teach people, which coincided with the day of the year.
XVI O & tob. Iefus Jerusalem and then continued postsolenne ox'wornyio × 3 :.
of which are contained in the heads of John, was it temporis period of time, a vii, to the end.
x. In the meantime, to an offense, feast of the dedication, and this worship, to observe the xxv Cafleu :.
menfis end in November in which it occurred XXIII, and therefore Mn.
Caen XT December 11 on Wednesday. . B.
The first time also.
Tiberij unto Cæsar the eighteen years of age, and Gnaeus. Ahenobarbus A.Vitel.
Ho c o s s. The cycle of the moon XIV, the Sun XIII. .
Xxxrx stages of the fifth year of Alexandria. .
Tifrum civic force September, Thursday, embolimæus abundant. However.
Jewish 379 2 Tranflator from fourth to fifth. the cha.
Raeta 4. 17. I48. •.
Nifanius Kal.Apr.feria 3. .
Prima Bread, flue XIII. Nifanius Matt March, weekday fč.
metals. . * *. • •.
Julian year Lxxvi 1.
A true Christmas xxx i 1 2.
Dionyfiani account XXXI.
Julian was 47 periods of 45.
Annunciation Greek Easter, 554o, their account of the moon.
6. 552 ns.
The year of the world 3 981 Krion great. Zygon, 4. Jo. 2o, Seven.
fever xx v. . . . . T. .
A Thoth first NABONASSAR 779, Pachon 3.
A first Thoth A & tiacum LXi, Pharmuthi six.
Lvii fifth year periods Calippicæ, μετνχύ λ £ 500 ντάνείας πατέ.
zα / α εκατη. . •. • '.
The year 3 year. c surrounding Accua Evat * 49ίοντ ©. .
Nineteenth year period attic, Exc% o ιόθ 'ἐκτΙ Βαρὰe.
Scianus interfeetor this year. Consult luculen address.
such as lecture DC Palil the City produced ,.
,; Oh.
Qy 1 NDE E 1000 N 500 E A T T E R V 1000 1000 P'o Li b. V 50 561.
A Q_V 1 5 1000 N T S 100 H A N A T 1 and 5 1000 5 50 M.
7οις πολλευομάω, and we call phase gavg% αιμον fu.
Scitat Lazarus: afin untouched the founding of the escalator. And so on.
On Thursday last Easter celebrated with his properties when even ,.
After occafum which starts Thursday, 1 language. On the FIFTH ,.
that was the thirteenth definen. Next, tell the crucifix, which was not.
Monday fextus, the bread, Nifanius month. That day.


Page 166


uangelistas. Also in Tertullian in his Apology. For the speaking.
B £ 3 5o Jg®giua íuáegς: At the same, he said, a moment of the day of the midst of the world.?
though the $ ole / abduéta it. An eclipse, is at any rate hold the existence of he who does that which they are.
Chrijio predicated upon that mon / trauailed. And still the world's ca.
Aw, do you have your back to the archer. But, not only in the private records ,.
and in the bottom of history. For the Phlegonme cafus so memorable.
minit, as he writes Eufebius. The following words: Jcripfit true / αper them.
And phlegm, which olympiads grgius / apputator is, x1111 book.
He says the fourth ammo.c c 2 Olympias great and excellent.
Among all the things that had happened in procuring defeäio $ oils. Day.
hour / entrails so changed DARKNESS / AM moäe spring / from that of the star heat / </ Int.
land movement in the Aitbynia "Nicenavrbis many buildings fìbuerterit. This.
Cille. Of course, the choice was so famous as a reminder of the day, Archie Roman ,.
& Phlegon remarkable season included. Eclipfi the ranks.
soldered, that is, άπίτ 69% na * ae ^ bus relay that year, the anomaly.
the width of the moon, he argued. So they were out of order horribilcs.
That Sunday night, ipfo of the moon is full moon, which is about the Moon.
The sun circitcr defected to the West, epilogifmus astronomers.
CUS shows.
A N T E for the fifth phase, which was the last of the U and a $$.
* Savgaoiue eaezymorum the first time.
The year XIX Tibcrij Cæfar, Scr.Sulpitio Galba L.Cornelio Sylla.
c o s s. The cycle of the moon fifteen, Sunday XIV. .
And a year forty at Alexandria, in the period of the fifth, the common ordinary.
Tjfii twenty September, Thursday. But tifrum To-day, of the year 379; I £.
3. 14.747 set, to be transferred from the third to the fifth week, proptef.
c From 500 Α τ R & regáαι two days.
Shelters IX October.
Matt neonieíia Cafleu November, on the first day.
Dedication Macabaei xvil December.
Nifanius XXI of March, the day of the week feptimum; .
 Frima562 1 1 l o s e p are sc A C E R 1.
The first bread, April third, almost fexta.
78 year Digest.
A true Christmas XXXV.
Dionyfiani chips account.
Julian was 47 periods of 46.
Annunciation Greek Easter 554 1 »their account Moon.
5 527 ns.
3 98 2 year, the creation of Krion XIII. Zygon, 5. 16. 9 ',.
September twenty crossing with the new civic Jews ,.
A Thoth first Nabonassari 78o, Pharmuthi XXII. .
A Thoth A & tiacum ninth Pharmuthi VIII.
LV11 fifth year periods Calippicæ, MayvX * ® terrcxoqόεκατη. B.
C cu fourth year of Olympias Aaioie ἐκτῆ ἐπί d íxæ.
Tenth year periods attic, A / 345/216/0 ^ axiom, '.
5 E T E R T A T 1 1 50 5 1000 5 e o n e s e 500 1 500 K.
P O N A ss 1 1 1 1000's 500 O N C AE.
t fummouemur of the ancient auotoritate, of which the plan for the.
account of the doctrine, fanétitatem and must be durable. However.
which is the reason to exist, it is a man whose origin different from the other? Christ.
suffered to pass on Nifanius on Friday, this one fanus claims. Ah.
In April fifteen years Tiberija, eiufdem year to April XIX, quinquec.
Passovers are: fexta day of the week of unleavened bread, of which the first two were alone.
They have sixteen years, and in the nineteenth year of Emperor Tiberius. The year XT 1.
Tiberij from the baptifmo was fruitful in bringing the year, as we have already seen, of which the Ni.
Matt Martijferia feptimi fan. Accordingly, the fourth to the tenth of the Nifanius, fine.
Dάμων opening, VII April, weekday force. Some early Christmas.
And as soon as he preached a year writing the fifteenth year Tiberij ,.
In the sixteen cross. This is the oldest opinion.
Clement ", τε τα3® civi8 dx2 / £ ολγέρόμοι aia4igeou © μὰρ τυς τὰ ἐκ.
xaJs λατg er 3Tigeie Kaja% © q> a £ ράγχάό φαρμ83} Z rock, Oh.
m> gu <3i renoy 3% O / τὸν σωτῆeg AíyeQixxv Phamenoth the XXII Mar.
tiV. which is so lacking, so that suffering becomes a Christ, as it tartar of wine since it was when it happened.
circumstances there could be, unless the cycle of the moon force 2: This is the twelfth year.
Tiberij. How, then, xvi Tiberij, at which time the xxii of March out of the.
Matt month rat? The same thing to say about xix, xxv, or Pharmuthi. Temp.
genius two years ago declared third step, as we reported supra.
is Vinucio and Longino c o s s. This is the cycle of the moon xii Sunday.
XI, and XII Kai. April. This is vicefimum March. If vicefimum.
March terms with the day Friday, the Sunday version of 500, cyclo Sunday.
> <1V, LunæDE E 1000 N 500 E A T O R T R A V = 1000 51 B. 6. 6 ;.
A xiv Monday XT, which had passed Ch ffusum fiuc doubt suffered, but only for three years.
After Confùlatum Vinucij and Longino. i! • deserve ing quæcon.
fûtes. Augustine xxv of March: to whom be was Kish, the i.stomus contrary to the assent it.
reduc fuum, the case adds neccssario court dcbuissc allow XXV.
March: quiaeadem was conceived. If he dies xx} V Mart, Friday ,.
The Sunday version of the B cycle XVI Sunday, Monday xviii year.
the Empire, and Tiberius xxii, the current week, and I indeed, O ye & the eighth day from the Baptift.
no. That is the whole subject of another's property. Therefore this should allow ,.
Or in the same step, and the sponsor x v Tiberj year, cy.
CLO x Sunday, Monday 11, vndeuicefima month. What no one will allow.
But Cassiodorus to the Confulatum v Tiberij we note the following: With these shalt c o ss.
BT) May our Iefus chrift suffered VIII Kal. In April ôdsciio.
the result was as before or after has never been.

Page 167


There was a day of the week of March in the force, the fifteenth year, Tiberij, do the same xxv of March, there was no fé.
Syria force in xvil Tiberij. Why did all these things, there are a ridiculous thing. Who.
for in some way they have gone astray, it seemed, the suffering Christ vii Kal.Apri yourselves.
Us, Lunæxvi cycle, Sunday: In the Dionyfius Abbas gymnasts.
small mine, the Victor. For both of his birth, Ade.
the right to die, thirty years of absolute situation. This is the year of Christ.
xxxiv of the stature of fuse, wracked and they want to. If the union is to be added to the years of Christ.
Easter cycle method, and the year of Christ suffered fuse.
34 and hence cyclo luna xvi suffered. So the year of 7 Oi.
| Cineunte Iulianae period of 5413, the cycle of the moon XVII is still running in.
| ipfo their native country, dating Ecclesia of Rome in the time of Bede, for a year.
Passion 500 c Lxvi 11. This is, after Easter fequente ,.
668 year plan emotion ordinary 7oi year. In periods.
Lian 5414, the cycle of the moon is eighteen. But if you add fifteen to 668, and.
| you dismember the whole, in xix, you will have a cycle of the moon 18 For annocurrentem.
| If we add fifteen years to the passion of the Easter cycle method therefore.
Christ has suffered a cycle of Easter XVI. However, if the first year of antccedente.
Unleavened bread was a Friday, so this year; fecutus has recently ,.
, Who was so often the common, on the first day of the week of unleavened bread was not able to be several.
P VI. This is evidenced from ipfos year civil war. XLI was the fifth time.
Alexandria periods. Tifrixv September, the second day of the third.
fequentis of the year, too, on account of the new moons, and on the other side Tranflator & ipfam.
stand. It was a common year of the ordinary. Nifanius XI March, weekday.
Thursday. But if Christ has suffered Matt March, then sixteen Nifanius suffered.
But he evangelists fourteenth Nifanius step could. Therefore salt.
smoking Christ miles cycle, xx year of Emperor Tiberius ,.
c 1 1 1. The first is the three forms. Him.
UEM annó Paiua wanted Nicholls and Ecclefia Greek x Kalcnd.
 Aprif: • \.
:.
E p h o s s c a 1 1 564 50 1 G E R L
April. They grow. For that to happen fane the full moon that A. was not able to
In tartar xx 1 1 1 March, unless the cycle XVI. But contrary Monday. However.
confide Venerable Bede, who at the beginning of the year 7 1 Oh, Indiétio.
not to John, and said to have been in the index it, so it is written in the Paschal candle, birthday,,.
Of: a p a s s o n e 1 1 500 1000 O N O N T E R 1 1 sv C H R 1 s t 1.
SOLSTICE's vu t 500 c LXVm. For many years, but obviously wants.
iisse. And so, in this way, fequenti passover, or, from where it was required to you to begin.
Passion of the year, it was the ninth year fexcentefimus nonagefimus.
iniens. So Christ has suffered in this way would have a cycle XV not XT 1.
except that they had said was his inexperience have us think, for eight years, there are fèxcenti fexaginta ,.
on behalf of, the year is not fexcentefimus fexagefimus oétauus, which abufe.
Even in good auetorem speaking, Plutarch and others found that B.
mouse. Hence, you see that it had assembled among them, for the old generals. which is at any rate.
the system runs, but only one man Eufebius Christians.
In his letters worldly æui current among those who really you and four years.
Olympiadis miles stamps and darkening of the Phlegonte Sunday.
betrayal of the people, it is not that there is another from her, than at the death of the Lord been denied.
Euangelistæ fèribunt. So it was empty iaétatio Tessarescaedecaeti.
in the chase, those who made a profession of the truth of the day, be on the pupil of Pilate of the Passion.
Sunday arrest he was from. d. 8 Kal.April. This is Matt ,.
Martij. Therefore, in whatever condition of March twenty fall into.
Easter celebrate. Of the Cappadocians, also Ecclefias the same day.
Matt radiation phase established. Other A & TA hall again be kept constant c.
Risser writes Ephiphanius, say that Christ suffered fifteen Kai. A.
Prilis, he that was with an astonishment, afininus. Do not we have determined to that all of the old er.
rata reccnfère, and reported that it is refuted, not suited that.
fuperfunt, we have presented. Nothing could be more modern on the same subject in di.
uerfia fententiis force is poorly hours locating. First of all.
John Lucid, a man skilled in these matters reason.
Christ suffered the cycle of the moon, xv, 11 in the fourth Olympiad c ,.
2 Dionyfiano age fuse in his work. Onufrius who disregarded our ,.
In the same year eiufdem allows Olympiad step down, but in St.
Isa community Dionyfiano.Quod one understands? So then instructs.
 / •.
monstrationem house. August Confulatu xm wishes to the birth of Christ; to this prayer.
This is, in December of that year, when she wore Confulatum XIII Au.
the flavor of the twenty years of December 44 Julian cycle XIX, and instead.
jnde adds that when she / imts /? a twin-com / ilat through.
Recurrent back thirty years ago, we find Ic / um chrift crimes.
Julian was at the end of the year, the General Ce / ar Aug. xiii O M.
Plautus $ ilua Confales been alarm was founded in the year 500 50 2 c.
Empire CE / viäoriam Attiacam be Augustus after thirty Olympiad.
* £ 5 from the QD} ^ E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 1000 V Li B. 6. 56 ;.
Avero Cx C 1 v third year. I am in the middle displayed, and Le or so.
perceived and learned πολυς OE / xoTtirq) Give smelled like a man.
Dionyfiani vice compiiti today, but that is not true epoch.


Page 168

 After one year less.
he thinks to be the interval of time, than to learn by Ipfa takes place. In fact, however, there is the best ,.
Christ Julian, 44 years old Confuli than 5 Augustus XIII.
45, as she Dionyfius Abbas, but yourfcif one year of heavier material Au.
Consult X111 taste was the same, namely, the first cycle. And yet.
That was the nineteenth cycle, this method in Julian 4. 4. For Cow.
fulatus XIII August fifth to eighth inclufiue C. Cenforini and.
C. Afinij the Gauls: the one who fell in the year of the Julian halftime show, as a manifestation.
B teaches that the feast of the Cenforinus. Matt Julian Augustus Confulatus the year.
iv. Truly, then harvested and sent poorly. Fcquitur here, like that.
Some successfully} and follow a certain diet is desirable. The Namverissimum ,.
Confulatum August X 111 together with the third Olympiad.
CX Civ fed into the year Palil Varronianum 5 to 7 z.
A layer and thirty, and the other is false. After one year, it means more.
And so, a year of Olympias, who had pointed out, he conferred great benefits had to collect my birthday.
Christ annusautem the City side who badly prepared. It is.
fentre be vulgar years of computing dissent as yet.
he is indeed correct. When this has been to dispose it wants to deliver Christ suffered for us, not whether.
no chips the age of the mother, for example, John Lucid and others, whose Fenten.
CTIA rejected, but in XXXIV, cycle XVI, suggestive that we offer.
list. In fact, the ordinary, and the year of Christ; 4. sixteen cycle of the moon. Therefore.
79. Remove the 44 year old suffered Julian, Julian, in the end.
Christ wants: 35 currensanatali year, will remain Christ ,.
to him, the birth, who had just been his passion, of his day, that it is from.
method cycle means. If Christ was born at the end of cyclixix :.
therefore nothing to add years to the method of Christ, Easter cycle :.
uarer tricefimus fifth year through the late XIX rclinquo sixteen year.
Easter cycle running time of the Passion. Itafa £ as well, as they can not fo.
lum a truth, but also from within himself disagrees. And it is wonderful antilogia with.
damn Greeks, believing that Christ X111 Nifanius phase county.
1, meat and bread is fine, but yourfcif to notice that John lamb.
eaten (Fe, and XV Nifanius cross, whose Nifanius month interruption.
in the Twelve of March, the day of the week by force, which, nevertheless, there was no needed at least heomenia, but.
Nifanius quarter of the year 3794. The present compiiti Nifanius charaeter 3 :.
§. 9 't Martijnona. After that brings Jews to transfer more fuo.
new moons, and the force from the day of the week, to the VII. And so, this is the new moon has been rich in il.
son Matt Nifanius have started from March, The fifth. Who concedes save.
endowment, who is} he does not know-what is going menfis Conditions of the moon? For, as we have said, x 111.
Bbb Martij566: 1000 o s e p h s c a 1 1 50 G E R L
Martijillius year was the fifth day xwi * qwdde, quartaXai £ 4daeos. A.
Nifanius the Alexandreus, where citizens in the VFI are Jews fuitxI.
IMartij. Tranflatio for it was in tifrum, for the sake of tifrum fequentis of the year.
The whole heaven, and there is this mistake about this, by means of a great cycle of Dionyfianum.
The Passover of that year would be to investigate, however, that shall he doeth it. For Easter term.
Dionyfianus case, fine sincurrisset inxxi fourteenth day of March ,.
on the first day. But if xx 1 fabbatum would inevitably would phase.
In XXI 1 March. Finally fummus a mistake, six year Tiberij.
sixteen cycle of the moon in the process. I am so strict that the spots.
he will answer from the book of that time, of a fair, our friends, be put away, who for his fua spirit.
learning, and also irresponsible, falter in one Christmas angels.
tiquiorem it differently, but it charaóterem, which is true helices in B.
This voyage, none has taken, so rcet running hold.
was not able to. People of all the smoke, and the wrong relationship.
We can not end unless the person aside. All these diatribalon.
GA is the suffering of the annals inferta is obsolete permanently stained purple.
assutus. '.
•; Q_y AE O N T V B 2 c 1 1 500 V, AE I.
v £ 500 duo object to the care of ever greater need to have done so.
Lenni passover. Why Iefus Nazareth on Easter cross.
there were none. Also never been fexta day Easter holiday, so Chris C.
stianos vain say Christ weekday fexta solemn Easter cross.
fixed. , Who married one obieétionem his offense, and in the other one also.
fortify. For puerile skirmish. Not a month.
Nifanius is dyaX © fiugeg fed ägyασιμ®. It is necessary necef.
be, when they do all things, even the depths of the hodiea at noon, all things are from.
Trufo inuestigant nothing that prorfus aisg8J *% y leaving the fermen.
and exterminated. That was by curiofitas the celebration of the women to whom he is like.
A good dcae facra Brantas, which is a hollow muscular rimaban.
tur VTNE muremquidem male eoloco to be acted upon. That.
So warm, so fuperstitiofà & laboriofà entire investigation.
And take this easy shows, that day can not be excepted from D. Function
buildings. And so, they are deceived themselves, but which they believe bring Christ up from us, be said to be PAF.
reduc had a formal celebration. For it is not fifteen Nifanius, with the exception of the things that was.
from all His work on the land, the Lord was crucified, but on the fourteenth ,.
as the true Lamb of maétaretur in the same, in which the lamb mystic book, nay more.
the habit of the hearth: and being the same hour is coming, in which the true lamb, from the cross, deponcba.


Page 169


mum and He began to inutilitcr maétari, all the sacrifices of the law, since the end of those things.
 vefperaDe E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 1000 V Li b. VL; 6 ,.
A vefpera done. For the obieétionis euerfio from fuperiorependet.Si.
Christusnon xv Nifanius, but xiypassus, day of the week, and indeed to force from me: therefore solen.
do not, of Easter, that is to say, fifteen Nifam, it was the Sabbath, day of the week, not by force.
A ss 1 R E S P O N A V 1 500: 1 500 O N 1 1 c £ 1000.
Thirteenth Nifanius civil celebrate Passover with properties.
* Sling, necessarily the Paschaanticipauit. Nequeenima.
a liter could be any other time fenferimus, but wrong. But.
With tens of thousands of men who are errabamuscum, who believed that Christ is the same.
Bhor, by which the Jews, the passover, to have kept it wished to be. which can by no means to provide for.
are bare. And He, Christ, who was not true to the Passover, He could have at the time.
fuo with himself are esseétu repræfentare that custom, with the Jews a lamb.
esseétu at the end of the first sacrifice onion. Capital hatred here.
Latin and Greek 5 of anticipation voucher application.
military denied. Cedrenus: ότι δ and κχ τω ΙΛ άτάλέας% τοιαα ,.
dλα τgò τ and τε% μυ5ικόν άτάλεσε δάπνον, ότε έ αγιασμός ἀf d% μων, ἀ.
$ Ago, "6iuaoia £ íogrj3 a)% £ 65% eloxefa, μα% $ &% ίς μᾶλό; 835uavc ,.
* Djuoy, D ^ d '£ le & romgia. But they err, they say, the end of Christ.
Unleavened bread observed. How, indeed, would the Passover meal? When the unleavened bread.
So fierce mis phase tomb. Hilarion said Monks.
cnenfis in the letter, which in Greek to the Greeks as scripfit, adduce the passage of a certain individual.
Nicetas Greeks, a Xe% i $ $ $ irí9n avgg3n TI IK * a * fincx3 ,.
RLW fiuiga, óøx4j; τὸδ σαρρατα ά άοά ά αόμω zárs% %%.
d $ us i4aye grárétai (ατίςλΛσχόλως ποιόνὰ τὰ καρὰ δα9% xyzra; ágúxe ;.
However, uncertainty about how Christ The unleavened bread is eaten in doubt ,.
How Easter eats, and whether eaten more. The first day of unleavened bread.
Christ ate the phase behavior. Matthew xxvii, 17, where mi.
molabat lamb, Matthew, XIV, 11. However, as the unleavened bread.
of morals, the fifth day of the week, the day after the first of the feast of unleavened bread, when, for what purpose.
tadecimaNifan, day of the week by force? lnterpretatur Luke & IAD $ $$ £ 10% παχα :.
Div. xxii, 4o.in £ ma, tare, came for the Passover. But Jews i9waw.
JD is postridic, but not necessarily, is \% fourteenth, thereby Lu.
na sacrifice, is it was not, not quintadccima. But Christ quartadeci.
MA sacrificed. Blow up the Nifanius that annierat 5. 19. 5. In Jn.
which is to be nouilunia the old one. And then joined the yo lights of the fair sex.
ta March vicefimum. Fifteenth same day. Why quarter.
on the tenth day of the week was the fifth day, on which Christ was duly did eat the lamb. Analytically.
Hilarion said brightly after the words of Luke, if e i e d juíeg% μω, ἐν ἐ ἐρ {.
$ K $% tοίχα, adds: 3O λόγων eaeis, d ^ gi ajdyxlw $ vjus e GX.
Bbb z ^ £ & $ AGOV.
100 vM the suffering Christ becomes the fourteenth Nian and vefpera568. H o s e p h 1 S C A G E R E. I.
άλ "/ 3sgaw $ ελήματ © '3XE% 3. Συμβασωμάρ ἐν ἐκ d \% $ χμκ A.
KOI%%% + v * e) Cox £ Ntshav Aathav, τὸν Xeyóv yapg23ía, τὰ δῖα ἀμόςα £.
πα and α, λαότι τὰ ἀκ & ί, ἐθρὰ πα% fiv e $ $ iavrov dgyd force, Roy.
ax3j ?, & τὸ καρά αμά tvaixov 3, § 13 %% Aveyduot, ajrj q ajSy.
From "/%% / £; σελγωIE Xai i> GJ; irnusg23.Non above quærendamclior.
{Olutio that controuerfie, which derives from that three male reconciled.
Euangelistis with Ioanncm. For controuerfia is no plan, except that.
ignorance of our own making. Idem also guides Bishop Paul Burgcnfis ,.
they that are of Christ, he gave Iudaifmo ​​nomen, This chapter is written, therefore, Matthew the tax-,.
NMarcus and Luke, MA and finally dies with the lamb venissent pupils out.
The inquiries, as vcllct meet prepared Passover Deindc adjoin ,.
\ Yiag% ρομάς one comcdisse. But there are two όφία, fiuc iazieg. B.
The next time an offering is ôVix vefpertinæ, one of the West.
Sunday, the day of the ordinary citizen to sit in fequentis.Hocinteruallum.
said =; aiyn m, μ% %% of two iaziegw, Ia e \ Waw. Within this loser.
pusma & andus & comcdcndus was gonna Paschalis.Iudaei today ,.
And c c c c scripferunt the years and determine that this time around.
Infidentcm the western horizon, the sun (which may say veyn NYP.).
And Sunday from confpe u our absence, he said ipfis vpgn nvpy.
This, indeed, in so narrow a distance between a part, as syu) 368 rather ,.
* ^ ®® to be possit.Quomodointcmporisangustiis.
, Quodpenc.
There is gonna be beaten, cxui, exenterari, composed of roasted, prepared ,.
it can be? Aben Ezra xii inasmuch as the two y: ATY first csseC.
vpyn NSA, occafum Sunday Another long postobitum sun turns red.
Sunday. Eniecur Criticum! Once occafum Sunday starts fequens.
the ordinary citizen. The Jews, therefore, in the fifteenth day of the Passover, at the beginning of comcdissent, it is not.
in the, xiv, in qualex I did eat the lamb, he ordered. He adds that period.
It is unworthy and demand fèfquihorae.quod XS edge Hebrew and astronomy.
For comedcrc one after solca West, is to ignore the law: a.
In inclinations of Palestine, under thirty degrees cleuatione 11, trustworthy.
the twilight that I fefquihoram to last, this, however, is not knowing how to astronomy.
others. Clear estIudæorum knew that vfu old Bi.
yours, even those cognitionem amifs examples are many things that belonged to him.
Rum & facra history of nosteneamus far better than D.


Page 170

 They do not know, therefore, what is to become equal to yn: that when it comes to including the interval between.
vefpertinam meat and solca West, youngsters limits præclarenos.
teaches Iofephus. For is that not in one place he writes, vefpertinum facrifi.
* óe9 parties to visit xae êwoim%, since when the sun occasionally.
am gonna maétabatur and eaten. d9e9 %% out of the, He says, § ^ aoj.
by O; d) A ά% μων ἐogrlw. 6ydúm a lu '£ aw9txoJ μ'wò, x3, iuíegς άγα.
τω άeyw. In other places, and give * iogrj; (2% α καλάτω) xa3 'LW * 3V & oi μὰρ λτὰ.
And A 500 E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 1000 V 51 B 6. 569.
A & W & W; Gg23, μᾶς άδεκατη ;, & c.Ex which consists of any to start from the ninth.
time, that is, from the third exaóta afternoon, and the phase of that moment.
to sacrifice, he was accustomed: of which it is said to ἀφιά finisca, isstatuitur from the Iofephus.
ELEVENTH hour session, that is, one hour before æquinoótiali Sa.
lem occafum: The law calls a lack of time, that is at any rate vtuyn nsia, v t.
Teachers of modern Hebrew, that is, dvaw λia fed vpgr SSS ,.
that is, a i 'is dvTugg. All the distance from the diet.
Με% 30% d'Vols êzzrígouy this day, Jews ainyo, Uzzi / ap / òς, vii.
that £ ατις & Distributors & ττοδοςτίοις the week fexta and solcnnia days.
her neighbors what has gone before: at a time when men cook & made ready out of the.
with different forms, nor is it to be heated which was made after the sun occafum, it can neither be made :.
Bvtpote at the start of the first hour, may begin to be a sabbath, that period of time.
ipfis said ratn NSA from 7% (3 ααρρατε J30, around two o'clock.
varying tenth. Why is the distance a, * $% W & J, fine éazaeua UOJ ,.
baked meat of the rest of the day and fequentis things.
Even today, those provisions, called rinyE Nu fiip provision of two.
sludge or two fympofiorum. That is a, $ 27.60) by three o'clock.
He engaged in an hour, and this is only, properly speaking, be said to ἀδασκό the time, I do not.
And all day Friday, but it brought forward, exists there.
with the illustrious Cæsar Augustus, in the eDiets Iofephus: in which among the.
Jews of other privileges granted by the emperor, that they excelled added :.
£) £ ας τά μλ όμολογὰ α} and R & aa33aaiy%, iiti agδτωτῆς ἀδασκαλ, λτὸ.
100 & Gae; & gt ;. Here compctens ríá§gσκά time properly, and that Xai.
goºg άνατής. John, Augustine, too, in the light of the Gospel.
opens the same thing in these words: to be understood as & ACCELERATOR / epulturae, not to go to.
ue / perasceret, when both the Paraßeuem than to C £ 1000 G A P v.
Ram '1 V £ 1 500 English V / highlighted in the call will do it all.
what was not lawful. John Chryfostomi old translator that.
In birthday Joan. Baptist is what the concept is the ,.
tadem day and suffered from. The IP / A DAY c £ N A L A P V of the things.
€ fourteenth moon occurred. Video P A R A S C E V en properly.
a time that aduefperationem between the Sun occafum interieétum.
p above. The diferte Iohannes teaches and divers ia τω air </ ἀ lg.
Jalay £ 9nxay aJtów. namely that it is properly overseeing a dj§gorę.
said. And more, Luke and fiuäeg% Tagzaw <V), € ασέαν ἐπἐφωπε ,.
Namely, 37% (£ y f6ax said about the imminent holiday fequente by three o'clock.
So an hour and 7tagaax £) starts, and the distance to the sun occasionally.
reduc, the σαζέα% ν ἐπιφωσιάν said. aiy it is typically c A. N A.
P: L A, of which look much, that we had in fest. Anyway.
ZZ% χέκικός either i) & iixòg all day Friday and said πάθασκευή, Fal.
freedom from a time fexta.vtapud Iohanncm: lu'όταςασκευή 3 Tdzg, E &, and.
* *; ; BB B 3 άτε}.
* • 1 57 e e p h o s s c a 1 1 50 1 G E R • •.
So it is said tagaax & £ x & RA) before I come with strict A.
iniuerit xwi êydτκ άegς that said m-fuá, it is offered. from here.
was not lawful for the hour in the aegodogiiois to perform their work in succession from the ninth hour, so that diferte.
exists in the canons Ebrewes IP Caio pp.) Nina ayâ nasy ^ npiyn.
Oh * * na Teo y sus i 's n nnmen guicumque NYP does not work in vesseri ,.
Oh week holidays, from the offering (ve /? ertima) and beyond ,.
mon never see bonumsignum benediéfionis. And this fact.
aî & aîgzx% in euangelistae. From what you can see why.
Augustine says the time of fepultura will be speeded up, lest perhaps it is those who are.
Christ from the cross have committed, η διατη reduced flue nTyøn NY.
time of the offering made by fire vefpertinæ, at which date it was unlawful to perform their work. .
Followed by a second, which is in the difputationem can be called. Since the law B.
easilie such as procinétu and standing in their shoes atquc one mi.
sacrifice his, Christ is with discumbcns in the dining room.
£ 5g9, and G phase ate did not seem to Ifraelites procinétu.
Fail entirely to have eaten the passover, in addition to first of all that, that which is in the land of Egypt.
migrants ate. Procinétus meant strictly necessary.
we have to hurry, and the enemy of impending danger. But consequently no one.
If he comes toward the approach of fecuri, but not standing, but about Him and the Passover.
always did. fecuritatë clear that they now extant.
The ritual Jewish topics. For the head nean VIIpr Antony.
Then there; where he speaks of the time, which is vefperam xiv Nifanius fč.
to understand how to grovel to call vm, that is, £) £ ^ w, n nnjnynpg%.
scybya snu prym my nus ^ se oye πρ8 500 * 358 * if %% M% p ad, if %% ■% pn; n.


Page 171


n% m prsQt, py Patii, PA ONIVS G) 'is ys if %%% m> n% n au t INB njn nipvy.
pºstp% y a NT. How diuerfa this is just a caterer * moéiibus that in others.
Noot once only, is washed is: im hacautem twice. That in the rest of the mo.
We did hampered flue yeast / IUE festival, this is ommi.
mo cakes. That there is in all the rest of the night gemus Vess, it groweth up: in the.
In this intybus. Eating than drinking, and I'm all noâibus as well.
ing, and / edema, or dißumbimus, in which all the gods / € shady.
Here guests during the Easter, which is fecuritatë argument. And.
Indeed, by companies engaged in the Easter festivities, which p.
Iofephus clearly taught third book of Jewish Origins talking about.
Lamb quartaedecimae Nifanius: $ d $ τελέμὰρ αὐrlu) (ioprlu) 23 @ egτειας.
μησενός ἐγύτε up $ & $ Yeiser tlu'áriáwawTige; $ e.Inlibris war Jewish &; dam;.
£ OGI * * (x ^ IIøøga άτaι) πα $ lu ^ $ truly the pê Xai eydt; & Egς, μᾶσι διάε.
xtirn ;, $ arzi § 4egτ € c. XC $ $ $% £% by sharing Svoiaw Göz tiar d ^ & Y ¥} ὸ dixcz.
p & δίον ό gxa daÆv. ^ o ro δέ CW) € ίκοσι α3e9i %% α, Sec. The reality & c.
Russin, Iofephus old translator, φεατgid ¢ turns in groups: that.
   vtiqueD E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 1000 V 50 1 B. 6. ;; .
Avtique by companies discumbcrent. From this it is clear why at home.
£ mis & dl) ueydX® ## ie 39% for himself wants to be prepared Easter. But he understands this.
a pavement of great beds of the upper chamber, which the Hebrews riiap ^ as it ipfos.
Ever sat vacant. Again to 432 * 2) Iofephus, reflect the ovu.
πόστα & τςασιαι called Mark. 1. The Canon of Easter.
adduéto we see repeated washing. However, not only the washing of the Iu.
DAEI, but also among yourselves vfitata. Because of the bed to discumben.
ing feast and the; therefore he will plant his lauabant The remains of the former, lest she should be.
pulucrofis feet mattresses disgraced. Plautus bear, this is your place.
e. Here, sit down. bring water to their feet. Prabu, you boys? Jews.
fùperstitiofiorcs does not have feet only, but also the whole body being dipped.
It fiusg92a B # iya) said the day before the rooms, into the body.
bathed. Why Pharisee, who had invited the supper to the Iefus ,.
he wondered, before the whole body was washed, reclined: 67: 8.
AG & Ev άραῖδη τςδ and 2g3 8. Luke's XI. They grow in purity laid down by the fuperstitione ,.
on behalf of vniuerfali that ßøåìåô, contcnti been won over by Ehud oiïige, this is to be, Pedilia.
violence. Yourfcif the witness that some of the Pharisees, the last supper vessel.
he had been, he objects, which fell upon discubituro not to have been given at the feet of the water.
LUCAM VII. ύσωgiai τάς τάδας μ3 Gox άρκας. The pomp and praise.
two kinds of the washing of the necessary Diccbat at all: it is given another, that the Canon of the.
conceived: Ning WT aae $ ap? Tºy d'd ' "v7ige ßaillo AU $ $ AYE I / O.
x% y. fertilizing is necessary to dip into the washing intybus. The reason is clear.
100 died. For supper, double voting in the sign of the paschal lamb. Indeed.
We deem that the greatest of all things, too, you, as the Passover, Pentecost, Tabernacles was at hand ,.
flowering in wealth of the Jews, and to the temple of the bank, the always duarumcæ.
tranfigebantur backbone of the commission. In the prior sacrifices VEF.
cebantur. With this sacrifice that much. In the second part cancban.
turg% λαςικα out and αε / ςικd and Deborah R PERE NY ?, that is, d'érvoy.
Xaoxvtix6v, supper forgives the water like a fertile Menfo before.
The. For among them the menfis fertile acts of the cover withal, and drink is in ca.
Alice widely cited. Virgil vua of course.
• Do not I, O menfis acceptable fertilizing.
Tranfierim Rhodia. ^. . . .
DQuod it is hurtful to the fertile acts of menfis was used in libations to the gods, from the vua ati.
tém course generofissimum brought to show that they meet.
that wine, to be, that menfis fertile acts of the meat offering shall be of the Gods | m.
have been paid, said Cam Do propterca mcnfis and fertilizing to be hemmed.
well. Rather, it is a divine meal called Him, the author.
Seruio. HoratiusTvolens memory attribucre office in August, said.
ipfum menfis used for fertilizing that the backbone dij mcnfis fertilizing.
inuocarcntur. ,, '.
Bbb 4 and 5 alterij572 1 o s e p h s c a 50 1 1 G E R L
o alter your menfis uses God. So Hcbræi spots facrifi A.
cijfunéti, fertilizing menfis Thank God care about and medicine.
setting. This, too, is to-day, keep it. According to Menfo Pa £.
chales from those of others solennium menfis multumdiscrepabant.Nam ,.
Meats were being instructed in the a variety of other high festivals, eafque, or also to the Greek.
the word of ibipes ἐπίκωμον, no father 'fi p Kinnuah was used instead. The Paschal.
, however, with the banquets which were forbidden to guests furnished themselves with all kinds of desserts.
Rum, such as the Canon rituals feipies Neb nus pvofe ps μ%% 7τσαα.
6 x X% ^% d véoi étvov £ 7ixáu4. In the desserts are maintained.
greater safety in the country people's eating a salad from the INTYBI & la & tryblio be registered in a, of which the.
because he is sad Fucci, and bitter, is therefore banished from it with vinegar, and any others, I do not know.
Embamma which was made into wafers that are p 3 and bitter ;.
intingcbantur vegetables. Now rpit. Today it is made for.
Sauces are set amongst fpissitudinem of that, that which is commonly a wedding cake it is not.
to no one, and all of the Gauls, mustard, from the finapi they call it. There was a.
mm slugs are foreseen to be loved, that other ciufmodi fpissàbatur. Iiliam.


Page 172


these words: - pinm nxe ye wan. & 4ntepo / air were those of a loaf <y.
mam & Embamma. First, the bones, the unleavened bread that Fi.
tingebat up, and devour. Then, under gaufape ,.
fran into the same number of pieces, or the map marry another a loaf of unleavened referuatam.
he loved, he who was a slave flue φegτῆς conuiuatores how many there were. When grain.
And as soon as the magnitude of the olive's fingillatim & Omnicm order.
the bus reached. When the master of the bones in the tryblio.
had been dipped in deuoraturus it would be, seeing that ye gone before: the mini nns nºs Type syriºs.
T En Nyas υπι τηςpavyip ya Syn y ^ gyrations ÄÄ Kveus, 8 ¢ â €; J ,.
gaai ^; $ X "Come, o d aaa%; fiua, (j & λῶς ω ?, 13% • ëyrάλαρέμφ.
fiUus ua? E Éd.o3% ίγαζύμω. If this formula oldest and is quao.
not to the blessing of the song is conceived. A rare blessing yo end of four.
with festivals blessed, ZDomine T) mofer God, King / eculi see.
fànétificaflimos your orders, 6% gave the command / uperiùs that, oh it.
This song funétus up, and first of all with the help of yeast.
thinking it Enne this is aauae% @ x, unleavened contuberrialibus either.
domestic and distribute this song, but some words after the destruction of 500 ,.
Jerusalem was unchanged, facras profequebatur: * as; syn ssns Sn.
nßn nay 'For Styria, NY nesy Tyt% from: * as n, s Ieyi engst sys, synnss.
rnin YY% s% T ynsa risan NY% y s3n nngnem synsgºs. Elegantiaho.
Rum is better conceived from the Greek words: άσε ό DE1); Λέταρίας%, Σ ,.
34ayov @ t £ 6yoyoi jtj & J Aiyùíïe%. IIAS 3 Re, fasts, oh, Σ Φαyá.
78. zag 6 zeiav Éxoy dejgo and zrazarióra. TUI, pe E »9dje, and; "£ 2 ,.
Q & a ev% Ivegí 'I μὰ e / 3ασε σοόλα, ἐς τὰ σε δ, 7} $% ^ Iaeg.
• •,, άλ £ 9 £ pot.DE E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 V 1000 50 1 5 I. B. 5 »;.
A $ 4 $ * & ^ 9i. For Word, which belong to the old formula, flan.
the temple, these are: OD \ 3 Ag%% λὰρτ & ρίχς, ό άφαγονό τ,? Yoio ίμj & ,.
Ti% Aiygiis. IIάς ἀπάό όεύω and φαγέr. " λάς ό; 3 Da, £ Go, J \ J 8.
IIazαπέτω. On behalf of the uttermost parts are sewn in the rest of the time, even a fruitful ;.
destruction of the temple. Where you see the @ ci $ uć cumamaris called.
The. & Tis it has been taken the cup of the delivered Himself to him of the bag, a neighbor of his, he at F and.
Secondly, fecund third, until the entire φegre / a) circunferretur po.
upright. And it was a cup o * ■> Rosemary / O, and Juji C.NAE.
* -yn means ἀμόν. CarmCn however, the cup profequebatur ,.
huiufmodi had been n * S * ta Dyiyn YP tyjis rnina, Y ns qnjpno so.
& Λεγῆός ό ό Kje / out, come out; fiyjj gaaiXd & xjape XII is aa ra $ tiunías.
Eduar the leading men of the voices of the one that they prefer, it is still difputatur critics is the Jew.
Rum. Hymncscos cup is so named because Hymnopost.
medicine has been sung immediately. For that song% XV viii »?.
deltve. In fact, fane diferte were forbidden of the Paschal Canon, after the cup:.
O cibiaut something to drink fumes. o j> v toi * a *> t} customer.
POF is forbidden to eat any cup GW. This was a rite cCLE.
the celebration of the Passover in the time of the Messias, which is in the most ancient canons.
In due consideration of Talmudicis shown to be evident. Who would deny them except old.
to be. what is the same, and the fiquis the tops of the Papinianus' son, Paul, Ulpian, and other heroes.
Hurisconfültorum the Digests of Justinian the produetus in the truth, may I belongs to them.
Iurisconfultorum, those in whose name they are quoted. The nemofanus gods.
c tion. We must, therefore, whether the history Euangelicæ that need to be clarified.
day, certain of these practices may be derived from, the things which belong to the Passover, which the.
the latest eats with his properties. For this Vltimus.
the rest were ncmo mum fimile the preceding claims, existed.
Specifically eodemritua Christ, the Jews, celcbrata. Celebrataigi.
tur both whatever is more than this one the last, with the following rite, quemexpofuimus.Nam.
Washing was repeated and, as in other Easter, of course, from the first time.
confuetudine daily, to sit down and Agnus comcderet.
After dehtye yoμ $ με from the Easter situ. Peter, therefore, does not, that the.
again enjoying bath necesse takes place, was surprised to find, as was described for he knew that in the first of unleavened bread.
This usually happens juice and washing repeated, but this discipulusa MA.
IDgistro, the servant of a master, a true little Deo διακοτάτaι. Again.
There are two dining on the mainland, cumiduæ washings for each precedence ;.
one of the ordinary one, in which the lamb is eaten up, too: the other, in and talkative ^ a.
oI; £ escorted d% με and intinétio Bread in tryblio Sauces. Iohann :.
Div. X111, 1 6. After a cup of hymns sung by the way.
Easter: juvfirawr £ 3; £ | £ x $ OV eig άςό γ 'ἐλων. If you are a Christian.
flus, as some hostcs learning runs, no account.
pinched be religious Jews, then why things occur here as E #.
, Ituali1574. E p h o s s c a 1 1 50 1 G E R L
Éituali Jewish extant Why are all the fishes? And yet for A.
It seems that the critics to the wicked, subject to the laws of Christ, unto them, do the same.
For six hundred were able to confute the arguments, fitanti CSSC, ytillorum fen.
habcrct power to weight with us. But cumsciamus this journey.
, they can declare in greater hatred of good things, which they are ignorant, than he had feared.
tis love, were sent to them are doing the deeds of my readers, and it just as Paf.
Chat with the rituals of the ancient Jewish struggle by Inuit.
solicited; so that when they shall see all these things, the things that are handed down in the Gospel, in the.


Page 173


then you will really be able to judge, vtra still more truly our fententia mature, for those who have every.
study of ancient hate or is that this illustration.
Euangelicam history fedulo welcome.
S E A S 500 E 500 5 100 5 N.D A PA B 5 S.
Q_y AE S T O N 1 5 1 B 1 A N E S 500 50 IS.
500 E R E G S B A B 1 B 5 1 1 N 50 O N S ,.
E t s t o 50 5 1 100 O N E A T P T A T 1 1 5 1 St.
B 50's oh it as in the first part of this book, which for many years was born.
Us, and celebrate the business, now the rest of the DA.
Niels that promise, can be determined. This requires of the two parties fecac.
bimus.prior for years to the Babylonian Captivity, also for the temple.
Antiochopolluto. Alteraest of Hebdomadibustoties from so many negotiator.
damaged the bus, which is the most important problem. The two are generahominum ,.
is the fault of ignorance, has committed, upon whom be compared for these materials, hoccst ,.
Christ the season, and weeks of Daniel. One and only thing is kind of him.
Rum people who think the Greeks, it will tell a foreigner, but also.
be broken through the history, and origins of the times of old & fuorum of men.
unaware of this. Legiflàtores think quofdam talk, when she can read. Once.
& The trunks in the libraries of the Great was the noise of the Greeks, and after they ignarospatriæ.
history of abuse, in fubdititium and the like as far as possible.
gladiator and fecutorem quendamIofephum be so, and it p.
witted, and the club to presume to call a. I do not want to defend many things from.
lofephus are humanly sins. But critics outstanding quarter.
taking courage, I say, of those whom they call to the Bards, guided us to the truth.
Likewise praeiuisse, with abstrufâ she, she was able to conieéturis properties.
They a sack torch alluxisse, we hand them to the winding roads.
and so brought them, and, in these crossroads, circumfpicientibus of the finger, to the spring of the actual person.
in consequence. So the weeks before that we are cxplicanda, about bifa.
  ) Riamn from E 1000 N 500 E r. T e o R v MP 1000 Li B. 6. . »,.
Used to be divided. For the place of the feptuaginta the prior years, he held in captivity.
it then miferrimo of the Jewish state under former. Shutters.
especially those in most of our pages, we are accustomed to Chronologorum implerc.
Because of the time and faepiùs & Characters years it does not.
rarely ever happen, so that a great of time, trouble is not in the writings of these occur.
rat. Four are Jewish captivity in the grind are the rule.
Judas, and the fact that all the Kings of Babylon. The first Manasseas.
King abduétus. Paralip.lib. 2. Div. XXXIII, comma XI. The productive.
IREX Joakim was the fourth year, the first Nabuchodonofori. There.
the same cap. xxxvi, so knowledge, by virtue of. Also meet Daniel. In the third Jn.
Jakin, who Jeconias. Kings ongoing cap. XXIV, 12. Likewise, Pa.
B ralip. ongoing cap. xxx, 1o, eight Nabuchodonofori.
The fourth and last Sedekias, the nineteenth year of Nebuchadnezzar.
nofori: in which he went up to Jerusalem with the temple, that is broken down, and them down. Par.
In the second, Daniel ro abduétus skill in the third Ezekiel. Now seek.
tur, from where it's effluent are feptuaginta of the year he held in captivity. What that.
in disputes, rather, the same questioning on the part of men, than from the thing to its.
dimness old. Diferte for the lechon grab it follows the advice.
the highest Cap.XIX, comma, an fpondens Jews who had jECHom.
inhibits grind as they return to their country after feptuaginta annos.Quæ.
with the per fe clarissimafint, however, find the way, who are willing to αγίαν λύχνον άν.
μεσημέεια, quasi those obscure say the Prophet. This Difputationes.
100 fuccreuit another kind of doubt about the first year of Cyrus, the other from wrong.
tion of that of the kingdom of their own resources, in which, Africanus, & Eufebius, and have them.
fecutus better part of the early writers, others taken from Babylon, where.
rum, as well as in the Old Testament, not a few, as well as in the recent past. But neither.
true. Namfi first year of Cyrus lies feptuagefimus DC.
the mind, should have been previously held in captivity is, therefore, the beginning of the beginning of the Nabopollassari of the Father.
Nabuchodonofori years old. That is absurd. Or far.
roa reason of the far-fetched, the capture of Babylon the same time to contribute to it.
For as soon as the post-war Lydia's defeat, Edward & erœft was taken by ;.
Cyrus the king of Babylon, attracted the attention of fe to conduct the assault, Auetore Herod so much.
m. KJ3 © δ άτά τε% 7td6τα ἐ ἐπείθ9v ύχεῖασ ἐποτήτω '%, Aoyvgiota $ £ 7r.
DTI %%. He is caught Crocfus fourth Olympiad Lviii, for example.
Eufebius reports. Sardes to be flexible reached Cyrus Olympad Oh.
And greedy and quinquagcfima, Auetore Solin. Babel resistance.
who are in a certain time conferred on them by, there were none of the ancients there is a hodie.Sed ma.
manifestly is gathered from not only with Herodotus. If the words and the context.
putaueris carefully gathered Babylonisfub taking place or time.
whether Iphias 2; Oh, that is by the year fecudu captisSardibus and shrunken Croc.
o. However, he can reicertiora extant vestigiaapud Iofephus from the Jerof him.
 Chalda 57 6 1 1 e p h o s s c a 50 1 G E R.
Chaldeans that from the beginning Nabuchodonofori, adexpugnatamfub Cy A.
ro Babylon, even all the kings of the rccenfet an order that is in co interval of time.
Another fuccesserunt others. Nabuchodonoforo the benefits x 53 years.
quotrevera attribuendifunt: Euilmerodach two Niriglissaroqua.
lift Laborofardacho menfes noucm: nabonidus King or last.
We fèptemdecim.

Page 174


bonidi surrendering, the íumma derive the seven years of the 67. With regard to this inte.
Beige Jeconi'ah previously captured, they are left to grab a fexaginta jECHom.
his continuing period of the year 4174 that Julian, who is ducentefimus.
tricefimus cried, and the seven Olympiad quinquagefimo the ninth. Yes.
which is taken from Eufebio, supported by Solinus, Jerof Chaldean, seen in regard to ccrtissima so taken.
Babel epoch, which can not be 7 a year in captivity. What B.
Therefore, Jews have proceeded with the first year of Cyrus said one man.
the first was resolved in captivity. People for the country reuertentesvm.
for the first time from the time of the contest, and which they receive from eoanno, who is the chief was.
of them of freedom? Thus the sum of Daniel, too, though in the confenuit of Babylon shall.
nia & Sufiana, the first year of Cyrus, He understands, however, the same prophet, whom they come.
the rest of the Jews. Is taken prisoner Jeconiah, the Year of 4114. Thus, in the period of Juliana.
which is 418; The feptuagefimusà prisoner eiufdem Iechoniæ. In witness.
Olympias, who had began a year of fruitful in bringing the days of passage, 62, & 4184. He is.
feptuagefimus was his first year, which has been rich in the Scripture calls the Cyrus :.
4i8 5 is the third year that does Scripture and feptuagefimus fecuri.
due captivity, grade Empire, Cyrus's first Cambyfae, vtanobisc.
The next book difputata suo above the ground. Itaquepessime certain.
captiuitatemcumannoprimo the Empire, and of Cyrus, they procure for its release, which they are.
none of the Jews in the time of the empire of Cyrus, he had in his. It is.
the first of the Jews, has been Lord, than the & of Babylon:. & when they of Babylon shall.
firms & the positions of other things, you were in the acquittances of the things of the Jews, colony, began to.
he began, did not, however, tuncprimum potuitIudæorum things profpicere: with the.
to be thought of, rather, to him, to the ordering of the provinces of that region have been.
Why is the first year that the Scripture calls, such as for the first.
the mouse, he was free he held in captivity, does not mean that the first of the Empire, and bearer of the king.
Great, unless someone says Neuruz new, fresh air from the BABY.
Ioniis to him, he established at that time, that it is most pleasing. Or better D.
Cause sought. For complete freedom from mind and becomes new in two brass. And so, Efdra by force. 3.
We read the first year of Cyrus, King of gyms that Edia it. Remarks.
ta, therefore, to him, a new historical epoch, quodnon made new in their community, and the Babylonians.
The times of the year's most ancient vfque So today we Syrochaldæi ;.
for the first time call Alexander 's, who, however, was the eldest, the son of Seleucus, non A.
Alexander. From the top of the peace and an end to all, Cyrus.
undoing it again the captivity of the Jews', Itaque in the cdictum fuo that he thus began ,.
AHaec.
v.
} 500 E 1000 N 500 E r. P O R T from 1000 v 1000 51 B. 6. 5 ''.
From this, ordered gyms bear King: The Lord has given me the kingdom of heaven.
ground. This is not to say that Cyrus was able to, unless beyond the uttermost parts in the time of suing out.
I rij. Then there was longitudoimperij from India, the Nile, LA.
is warped out of the ocean, the sea, it belonged to the CAFPI. But = carefully.
tracking are the king of the Chaldeans by Jerof with Iofephus and.
Megasthene with Eufebius pofio, and whether they agree with Daniel ,.
reviewed. For two of these ancient writers said Re.
ges, iifdem the names of, and as many fyllabis, the same number of years, are set.
fentur, so that there is no fufpicio for freeing is done. Because of this dispute verfàtur.
of Babylon, in the variety of names, some of which had previously filled Disp.
are challenged as true if it were possible, brought to light. The names private.
E Chaldean and Assyrian Compofita nearly equal. Fimplex rarely occurred.
But the ratios of the names of the fimplicibus be two, three, & :.
four to the smoke. Simple name Chaldaicorum & M.
fyris feriem under one confpcétum fubiecimus below.
NAMES NA names are privately owned.
Chaldæis R 5 R 1 o R v M. Marcus Assy
to '; IXY] 1 [Nebo Lebo NY | i | Schadran.
IXY | 2. [b deny% y] z. | 5chalman.
INB | 3 [Mero nyin | 3 | Teglath.
* Yjv] 4 [Schefohach if | 4 | Herib.
Ig \ n | 5 [Meschach fur! 5 | Haddam.
Ts] 6 | Schadrach ivjê Nefdhroch.
^ ^ Ywyiywy ywy] 7 [Letzar, Retzgr, Netzgr | ^ Jw / 7 | J {dar.
nyst] 8 | 5chetzar Y8 ^ | 8 | Etzer or Aetzer.
y'P | 9 [Meltzgr igy) 9 | JA / r.
% Yny | Oh Nergal from 1% n | o 1 | Rallat.
y% from | 1 1 [belt pw | 11 | 0em or bones.
`Risl» | 4dam Fuji> l 1. | Chußham.
tpyri] 1 3 [Hevvil JV | 1 3 | Salad.
Ins | 14 | 0chri "From | 14 | Pul.
pl 1 5 | Chem ¬p | 15 | Phar.
*) A | 1 6 [ssel NY | 16 | Schar.
judges about 17 | Schefih.
TNS 1 8®hil.
v¤ | 1 9 'Nit.
ii.6Tach.
if z 12.4j.
j. ®al.
ib | 2. 3 ®ad.
i> [2.4] Chad.
100 cc, Haec578 1 o s e p h s c a 1 1 50 1 G E R.
These Chaldean names such as Assyriaca can be extended A.
so that each one they please, what is meant by mc light, it may. For it is not all things, but of the fe.
le & wires pofuere. These latter elements vtilissima & methodology.
The chronology of the most necessary is, the kings of the Assyrians with faltem I would not have.
Chaldeass disappointed, because haetenus recent Chronologis a.
And then, that when you do Salmanassarum Eundcm with Nabonassaro. In.
Besides the history, sins nominc. So it might be.
there is nothing Chaldaicæ of origin is, together with the fertile &-ninth year of the Assyrian: a.
compofito takes place. A pair of imprudence Sennaherib and Assarhaddon.
constitute the kings of Babylon. Then all of Assyrian and Chaldean no.
: Drive, Compofita are from the fimplicibus: that is, indeed, almost all of them are.
Babylon, the names of the gods, such as wine, Nebo, Bel. Ifaiam Div. 46. ​​B.


Page 175

 Neither Scheschach.
Babylon is the way in which AT A B S C H trifling Rabbins vol.
com. Either, then, are composed of two things, as it belongs; tia, NABONASSAR ,.
Chaldaicum the first and feptimo fimplicibus, NY "? TIA) Nabulassara.
At Iofephus, the same name. which is one of the three compofito & ipfum.
Nabopulletzar said. NA% τολdorap © Eufebio and Ptolemy.
For either they are composed of three elements, the example which we have already said, Nabopollassa.
country and ijsjna vessel Nabuchodonofor Na £ εχοδονῶθ39 Jerof and.
nys, is say, Nebuchadretzar Jeremiah Naέεχοο 60e9}; Megasthene and.
from the consideration that Strabo. The name of the compofito 1,24,7. CX rarely four, for example ,.
naTiaT * tin? Merodachenpad that Mapdoxâurad & Ptolemæo from 3, Ch.
2 O, 1 5, 23, see also letters to each exchange Letzar, Retzar ,.
Netzar. So Springer and glide as they Labunitus called Herodotus it.
is made Nabunidus berof, from 1, the names of the fimplicia 19.Hæc almost all things are.
Gods own. So Bel & Betts, 16, 2, are the names of Deorumvtriu £.
that fexu. Megasthenes, and some Bjz \ G3 Éuòς τςόγούφ, and τε ρασίλ {α BJA.
73. However, in Daniel Bίλτις is not the Goddess, Ch.4. Damiel ,.
whose importance belt / € hatz.ar next moment, my God. There is a belt.
schatzar compofito of 1 1 8 BI \% to own is the Chaldean.
rum, lest by any means be confounded with the Belo of the Tyrians. For Ya is Ba'al ,.
Bcl not. Replace Carthaginienfes farmers Tyriorum names sua so often.
qucnter determine Wyaiyn Hannibaal% y nyn, Hafdrubaal. Baby D.
Lone, the animal is a Carthaginienfium% Ya. And yet vtrunq ;.
confuse the Greek and Latin. For the Mneid. sighing and Belus it.
for, as we have said, the first $ Claudian Panegyricus in the ya ya, or in Syriac.
King Stiliconemde bear speaking scrambled steers.
Chaldean fraud is minor. King of the IP / out of the blood.
Inclinat the bowl, / ecretaque Bell ,.
And the owner testifies examining / idera Atithram.
Male 500 E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 1000 V 50 1 B. force. \ 579.
A. Male at Claudianurn bellipro Bell. A pair of flaws in Q Curtij lib.
III of the car killing. Distinguebant intermitentes gemmæ the yoke, out of which.
, more than two in gold / ímulacra a cubit high, of which the one into the other.
essigiem war began. Reading, for example: the one of which? The reign of Ninus, at a height.
Rum 3eligerebat essigiem. During the same date enim.Assyriæ through hemlock, Ba.
byloniæ government in connection with signs. Belus that both Poe.
for the end, rather than the name of the God of the Babylonians, which, however, with both of them.
Even people from vfurpabatur so that we now see. His opponents.
So wait, Col Babylon and Nobles.
Nebo, and often is preferred that Nebucadnetzar, Nebo.
Nassau, Nabon, Nebo, pulletzar, Nabuzaradan: at any time.
Betis posed, Samgarnebo. Xxxix.3 prediction. With these we observe that on.
uerfia now the names of those, who, after the Nabuchodonoforum the kingdoms of the.
runt, we have that out of the faith of the Jerof & Megasthenis the things, are to be discussed.
equal. Hevvilmerodach name compofito of 1, 3, 3, 2 Oh, fine.
He was a son Nabuchodonofori any doubt that it is in Jeremiah Sec.
Kings productive in the end. Interferon determination to the Kingdom of Parra.
murder they are called Nneuy ^ © uoroegog with Eufebius NNE / yAoyoigng.
Compofitio is the same, but diuerfa throwing Greek, ngnn * YY out.
1 Oh, 7- Vergel name of the idol 2 Kings XVII, 3 oh. Then the county.
is NergelScharetzer, Jeremiah XXXIX. 3. A son before.
As Iofephus £ oe% from %%%. ought not to be written, it is not out of the Aa%% agzod®Qüan.
Both could be true than 100 vacancies gnni '' from 1, 7; 2. Or.
i> nysa is, CX 1, 7, 24. He was the son of Neriglissàris and Nitocridis.
Nabuchodonofori daughters. For falfo by Herodotus writes, far as possible.
King Labynithum Labynithi a great son with Labyni.
thus the grade of the scene. Labynithum, however, of immense importance for General.
chodonoforo be taken in Herodotus, the witness defeótio it.
Solaris, quamprædixerat by Thales, which fell to time neare that.
A method has been charged with Lydia. In fact, after her defection.
Vtrofque Labynitho people from the King of Babylon reconcile.
made sorry, writes Herodotus, the same thing. But she fell in an Eclipfis.
whether Nabuchodonofori xx 1 1 1. Hence Labynithus was that of India.
500 with medium reconciliation is Nabuchodonofor. Therefore La.
borofàrdach, that out of the berof, & Megasthenes is evident, he becomes the grandson of General.
chodonofori by his daughter, Nitocride, I can not cease to wonder, indeed, by the fates.
eos, qui dissicile secretly cherish, has been the same with the Laborofardach.
Balfàtzare. But the name is not at all suitable. Nor is the Beladan.
Nabonassaro mindful of this, however, it is clear that one and the same, when the king of.
rumors. What? Daniel, Belshazzar I have not spoken? and not to him equal to others no.
jmina, which in Hebrew saying? NonSasbatzar is Zerubabcl? Yes.
Etiam58o cc c 2 1 1 e p h o s s c a 50 1 G E R 1.
Also, know the name of the king of Babylon to control approaching A.
modify normal. The result, as it was still called the names of individuals.
do not. Beladan is a private call. After the emperor ,.
NABONASSAR one. The boy was Jerof Babylon, vol.
cet Laborofardachum: the kingdom of which is likewise of him only nine men.
it attributes to the festival, that the interpretation of help. Child calls, quiad.
the method of youth.

Page 176


day, on which vfus in profaning of the temple is in the vafis. Quod si boy so out of the.
rat why the xaxoí $ {Aw interfeetor does not see. In fact, of which.
childhood behavior reject two adults were faepiùs to a good way through.
collaterals. Nor were the caufe is to say, at that age, so why the thought of xaxo% from the $$.
involved. Of the nine menfibus accepting: only after B.
death of his father and nine menfes that gave the command: the name of his father, however, the sonne of.
ruled feu Kingdom administered until the son of puberty.
alliance. For it was because he was a stranger, but a foolish son of a royal family, yet more desirable.
the Son, than for that, he seemed to be due to the kingdom. In that interfeetor deleétus.
Nabonidus confenfu the King of Babylon peers or.
we have 17 rules, according Jerof until Cyrus the kingdom Babyloniæexu.
as well as the region of the ends of the Carmanii of the brain. If Nabonidus fuccessit.
Beltschatzaro, which leaves no doubt happens Nabonidus i.
may give to you when he was given unto Darius the Mede, whom he Beltschatzaro fuccessissè proditumi.
by Daniel. But the nation of Chronologorum hastened to Darius the Medumin.
uafisse Kingdom, and an assistant to Cyrus captured Babylon, just Vic.
And the creator of the kingdom of Cyrus diuifisse. They Yates, who knows, quidRex T
The queen of the in the ear should say, to aid their Dariumcum Cyrus, He is said to have reigned, from.
V1 of the last comma, Daniel, Daniel ifie bloom / the least in.
70arij and 5 / 2b circles of the kingdom / 2. Therefore, say they, and the other was now king in, carry the.
the faith, and the other in Babylon. Astute. In fact, as well as for fiquis read this, Julia.
whether Iurisconfultum of the assignment with the right of refpondisse under the Roman, & under.
Traiano Hifpanos at the same time struggling to cofdem obtained.
civet, and the other in Italy, the other for a Hifpania. I'm embarrassed of these tumors.
Hum nauseating. And no residue that Cambyfen flourished.
Ischomachus uncle year, so it will Xenophon (For it was vu.
I fed represented by Xenophon) with the same Darius the Mede pa D.
brush. They add that nothing is truer than another. If she could never be so.
ïum oil and attention, as in the proverb, but also by the paper.
crēdiderim. Who would ever have handed, Darius the Mede was.
the uncle of Cyrus, contrary to the Iofephus the posts of the fact that Xenophon, who from these.
conjecture addidit5 do not agree with, which in other parts it produces, Jerof fč.
the Sabine, by the people in the kingdom of Nabonidus named Tiberius as to what he writes.
Jerof when those fuissc said Bcltschatzarum and right with the royal family.
  fuccessisse? 500 E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 1000 V 50 1 B. 6. 58t.
Afuccessissc? Now, in order that all, as much as Chronologorum is to say, refipi.
scant, I affirm that the kingdom of Darius the Mcdum inuafisse not by force, so that we will.
they acted beyond the traditional Daniclis is fed by the people in the kingdom.
was called. Who would ever have made this store for killing patients.
besides Daniel? From the Daniclis, therefore, is no more of Chronologorumlibidi.
do not, it is true the pits. If, therefore, Daniel scripfit that Darius apo.
waiving or received by the leaders of the traditional kingdom of Babylon, nofivi.
And possession of weapons that would cause it is not a little care, videan.
tur quialitcr projected. After the massacre Beltschatzari writes Daniel :.
> M> e ap ** Y & Aapöß MjJó dúsd% 6% α RLW "G" J'.Ob.
fecr you whether the word diadéxéX or, if preferred, τλgxJ% χεὸς ,.
Αὰ 7rape ^ H, or, as it has a Greek edition has it, and no power of the armed force, or all damage.
inuafio command? 7raga ^ αέάν τω λόχ'u 'fuccessorio or a legal entity.
To translate the kingdom to come, or populifussragiis.Sic 11 macabre. Cap IV, ταςαλαβόνς.
τω ßaoiXeidv Ayi6x8, namely fuccessorio right. But infessores the kingdom.
Rum what he λαζαλαβόντω straight αςχ'w '? he of whom these of the hand of that.
they can take, which is to force, and rushed in;? unless by chance essraétores and hear.
Ctarios Tagaxaâiù not AGRA% ybona women. Quialiter fentiunt, do not.
Among know what to intérêt confenfus force. What then is one of fent.
Daniel and Darius the Mede people of Baby delivered to the kingdom.
fuscepisse? No wonder so many thousands of interpreters in one word; only slightly.
 ram expounded in detail, so not extraneous to those of the history of the faith, had pronounced her. Of course, Daniel.
c writes DC Darius the Mede, which historiaRomana of NumaPompilio.V.
terquc invitation rule. Acquamuishoc is fated to eorumfen.
the power and weaken the, a place for the second time, however, I bring forth from Daniel ,.
The result will be as if the character and nature fententiam not change them.
Although Faltia stubbornness to his native eomultumlabefaétatam demand to disclose it.
The Prophet then writes the ninth ynjp force ^ y IA vyvin nus Nava.
servaf> '^ ^ r y iipn NVS τςατὰ ἐre A? g6ov% voigov JOJ O & x.
{Ρις MnhxoJ, δεις ρασιλός aiigéz3m 'Ariga * dgxj; 10 & λόαιον. En Ba.
q ^ & akd'eîx3m or a word äßaai J & ^ $ m excludes any Vimar.
Mata. And so, whether they will or, ij, quialiter cenfeo years, and Darius in him, in.
terregnum, that he had slain the Beltschatzari fecutus is to say, the king is created, fiuc.
500 people fussragiis, fiuc peers faétione as aperte Bcrofus writes ,.
Indeed Mcgasthcncs & Jerof created King said. It wants.
ypn word that Daniel semen. Not surprising. For royal blood.
pls, there is nothing left there was a. Why a man and a noble family, namely.
Median Kings stock because of his age and experience of fear.
harsh, so that the Lxii years would merit the kingdom Babylae.
coun reported.

Page 177


czdcm Bcltschatzari, Daniclis Div. 6 & IX. Nabonidus, it was.
CCC 3 apud58? E p h o s s c a 1 1 50 1 G E R L
with Jerof & Mcgasthenem called the kingdom of proceribusBa A.
byloniae. Each grade is the King of Babylon restitution Kingdom Perfarum ,.
tám, Darius in Daniel, than Nabonidusapud MEGASTHENES ,.
& Berof. In fact, for both for fuccedit Cyrus the king. Further, that which all of you.
conie & Uras wins, we agree. And can be granted.
Medûm be nabonidus Jerof or Labynitum Herodotus? Ten.
mine is futile controuerfia. Now we have shown that those who come.
changed its name to the Kingdom usual. Darius is a private individual. Nebo.
The nest is now the name of the emperor. Quidfiprobauero him, in whom, though.
arrived Cyrus, was named Medem, or ME.
While? In fact, it is the same. It is not, and after this, so that any of the obstinacy does he become.
There is a complete Megasthenis very old piece of fëriptoris B.
as well as elegantissimumde Nabuchodonoforo the king of Babylon, sent with.
Eufebius this effect: Na38Xodegrog © Hegx fiotg ^ d xuuárseG. "
ysyoyàg really get out Außjlw e Igngi'u & egr4 / αε. Toujrag o χάgωταμέρ® Xao.
3 agua, aJri »him; % 6% d% IIόε κα κισε%, 5% μ ^ iye) πάς χαλόαρ, |.
ὸς αὐαές ἐπί% ßaoiXfiia XO '%% 3ein © DJ ότεφ D%. 49 "y3αρέμ® δ eizre. !.
3œsåyó Nøáyodegro295, o ba% vXóyoi, τω μάλλουσαω ημύτςοαγγέλλω.

αυμφοglu), τω έτς λος άμός τςόγονος B}, {α έτερασίλ Bλτιςλατgévou μοῖ.
egς πάσω όάεσI. i3a IIIP; fiui and ίαι% άμετάe9oi d'ajuoq x £ μέρ®%.
αυμμχχοισι. 7ta $% ^ d e d by oquúw, and d \ awøjri® '35a4 1000 m%%% Aave / O /:.
αύχημοι, ως εί3âuy τςόόεν, HD) To ouiam R & J (26, Xαςυάδύτύα, ή $ axao,.
waw eisd %% αρόμην ἀόται τςόμζν.όμιν αλλας δό φíge $ %% & $ EC4 HD 8c;.
ago, IAE and re d '£ c., & reality 7to' aj3p07r% @ y ig6% $ d $ vóuoy x8oi £ 3 δgi.
$ Ες Ἀχαζήa, a le zrát: na χαego} ηαι μοuύον ἀλόμ $ μοι, ἐμά τε τὸ δ ;.
vdoy ga ^ εός% J%, 1ea ¢ @ duéìoyG) xvgiwa /. Μ $ 6 $ 25 Ahzai aj§a <juae.
j®aj3o. 6 d e o zrjs EAuæd \ o9χθ 'άασίλωσε. ROV di O xnJesÃ ¢ Xao.
xte% Vag Nn2 / YA / arcign6 λάτει) παῖδα Aaßaayoc229 oxoy. τ d & τ8% Xzo3awóys ;.
£ ισίφ μόςω Na X & widozov%%% xyù ßaoiAία τςοσfixoy '® &%. T) \.
Kjg® i ^ O BaßvXóia, Kapuwi *% y £ μονίω σωgía. Not only me.
gasthenes eofdem Jerof kings in place, but also Medemquen.
dam to be treated, or, rather, he betrayed ciucis of Cyrus, He writes to virgins: so that that account.
no refistente Babylon begins. Medem ciorúgoy same calls.
αύχημα That Assyrij & Babylonij in fpes the governor of all fitaD.
direction. with respect to the kingdom willingly offered. So Ifaiam xx. commas.
V arc, the shape stated Xai% * Ay is $ ajxjua '(; DVI}. Quodigi.
propinauerit citizens to be sacked by the enemy, even Auote Jerof, porj.
bens, when they assaulted it, more desolate than of Cyrus, He carried to Babylon all the præfidio.
to have left, and re fe, and in the most strongly fortified of the town of Borfippcnorum.
pisse. No one, indeed, it is doubted, but that ημῖονθ is made of Cyrus. He was enimma.
qopcrfes, enclosed bear Cambyfe mother was born Mandanc Meda, hi.
 ..
 race.

] | 500 from E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. 6. 58.
PLANTAGENET human origin. Replace lid of Cyrus in Herodotus :.
äw έτω άμιοτό ρασιλές 1000% οισι γίω. Why is Jerof & Me.
gasthene see nabonidus adregnum called for this same Mj3iw.
was called: that it was, as he said, O Daniel, of the lineage of the Medes, before you, which.
give the name of Darius, the Mede, that is, when it was yet a private man, but afterwards it.
this however, he came to the kingdom, Tranflator name, by the confuetudine ,.
Nabonidus one. Median and they came about the same as the old.
accepted. By Nen,:, Triptolemus, he, / IUE: J / eat, which he vocant.Me.
is calling for the same, which the other of the Medes: the son of him to Medem, & remove myself from it.
diameter region called the fool with the Greeks. Note the word that.
Megasthenes semen Xavd \ ^ £ xydai SSAAT from. Ipfum for the DA.
A nielis 1'ypri, that is, dred'eîz3m SSAAT ^ 6%. Things can not be, as I said to the king of.
Can we Zoo \ x3ds or i ???, unless the call of the people, as we Disp.
install it. The new king of the Kingdom of inuafit, it can be said ,.
the houses also of the mind, indeed, should not, no one is thinking about. Therefore it far from the truth of the dif.
yield, and that assinus year and taken Babylon force, and whether one.
as to whether, or within two years of his reign is clown. For out of the berof.
and ruled for seventeen years. And again sent clegantissimus's Sul.
the auspicious bird, Severus, citizen of no mean my God, he said, had overthrown Darius the Mede xvii.
years of his reign, namely nabonidus & Give us the same.
Hum Medûm doing. That greatly favors us. For frivolous ,.
And idle conjecture, as being the only year reign is approved ;.
100 is the first year that killing is feptuagefimus in captivity doing so.
the ninth and Daniel concluded. And everything which fane fiction, that the law which has now con.
futauimus. Daniel writes in the first year of Media, killing himself and scroll advice.
miae to read the news patefaétum the number of years, and in which there is the captivity.
** £ 500 Jews? Debebat.Illudenim stand by ynya, us $ O $ and £ / £ λίοις, MA.
manifestly clear that Daniel had a hand scroll prediction ,.
2 heads in the 5 and 29 years dcfinitum read feptuaginta be.
the time of the Jewish captivity. Would it fcquitur feptuagefimo.
year press? Darius the Mede, or one tantumannum a whole.


Page 178


that was true, fequeretur it may further be necessary, it Nabuchodonoforum.
500 only for three years and ordered that she remembers only the third, Daniel :.
In this way, Darius the Mede, fine Nabonidus oétogenarius realm.
being driven by Cyrus, the rest of the praefeétura Carmanian first time.
uatus debt. * *. . . . ..
•. . 100 cc, 4. relies.
SS. E p h o s s c a 1 1 50 1 G E R 1.
RELIQVVM Daniel of temporibvs A.
A NT 1 100 O P E A 1 1 1 P H A N St.
 v N c is to the other side, I am coming, and this belongs to the state of Iu.
Nilii under Antiochus, to whom are due to the tops of the part of Daniel,.
111 V, XI, XII. Antiochus order of Romaniper Lcgatus.
C. Popilius Lænatcm to leave his equals to the land of Egypt, and came to fruitful love.
JERUSALEM, this time fustulit native ritual Jewish and Gentile.
Rum fupérstitionem the stantially again. It turned out to be.
that the same storm, which is the perfet to be flexible or,. According to summarize Liuianae :.
cladcm to bear last night and moved ahead defeetio moon, and.
It happened in the City of finch Varronianis 584 Aimilios L. Paull, B.
C. Licinius Crassus c o s s. The fourth cycle, on Sunday. year.
Nabonafîàri 58o, Pachon XXI period Iulianae 4546, June XXI.
Alexandria, and which the common 68 pcriodi, to the fruitful year of the ordinary: of which.
Tifrum sixteen Septembris, from Monday Tranflator V 1 to V. Why defer and us.
Powered by xm he is fallen into the ordinary citizen to the day, the third day of the week, fequente guar.
ta Powered by the present fifteen, sixteen years of Jewish fequente 3 593 :.
Didymonos 28 years the world; 3782. When it is unfair.
mifèrrimi disaster and components that have started from the Jewish state, indicates that DA.
Niel Div. XII. The one is the interval of time, from the beginning, that intercst Profit.
Temple nationality and dcfiti ranges fàcrificij the dedication Macabæi ,.
Daniel, a thousand two hundred and ninety-defines the chronicles of the. those who are of the year g.
Gyptiaco three days 195. Time Encæniis Macabaei, twenty.
November 4549 year periods Star. if u back from the epoch.
lurk in three years Julian Day 19 5, the number of definct on May fourteenth.
year 4546, which terms with aegoadgnovèztermxo%. And so, on this side, it begins to ßdä.
Ἀνγμα ἐgnuówe%, under Antiochus Epiphanes, and it lasted years, Julia.
we have three and a half days and XT. This is why commatc.
feptimo ciufdem cap.xii said, μέ and 368, § 36o, and jufßt; x £ reality ,.
In which he was to attend the diximusa xiv of May of the year 145 Alexandria, ad.
148. November in the year of the 14 year, Matt; at first came Hierofo.
Lyme Antiochns, and then felt for him in contempt of Jews.
the culture and the baby not be Graecanicis examples diferte the preceding p.
Macabaeorum, the first written remains. For the second year.
ie the invasion and then by putting Antiochiin the violation.
Temple and here three years ago in order to expiate the altar, and the dedication of the temple.
However, Daniel cap.VIII. 14, illorumtemporum disaster and riots.
may cherish the Jewish further back. The whole process, for it between the.
fortification, in order to expiate the Temple rituals and restitution defines a day.
rum, two thousand and three hundred, who are fyzygiae ciuilcs Lxxviii less.
triduo.D from E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 V 1000 50 1 5 B. I. 58 ;.
Atriduo. So four days from November twenty years Alexandræo.
148 Rum reckoned back definunt ix August 14th, she was.
an end of Elul. A new moon of the month Elul, to the dedication Macabæi ,.
interfunt.anni Julian solid with bifexto sex, diefque Infup CIX.
Why upset Jerome in place of explanation. Is willing to, on the whole.
the same year, and the difference from the year 143 to the year 148, when in reality.
one year seriously. nor miraripossum of fate, the same author, who is the vice of a perverse.
Guthrie for what he had attribute that he method Eufe.
impcdit that came from Antiochus, the Antichrist, what about the more scandalous intelligunt.Nam.
, the same thing under his perfona about Antichrist, and be understood? Of course Ecclefia.
Ecclefia of the Jews, in the same Ecclefia Christ. And she him.
Btempore aduerfàbantur true religion, which caadumbrabant posts.
mis in the time of trouble for an Ecclesiam of Christ, they were. Therefore, Daniel reality.
requests the beginning of the season and head to the calamity of the great multitude.
euros after the third Macabæorum, which Lucific a.
cem for this place, of Daniel SHINE IN. But later that same book MA.
cabæorum Div. x. 3, μέ δόχόo dedication Macabaei claim that is ,.
from the profanation of the temple was, to the feast of the dedication, was present, as only two years.
states that perfpicue & Daniels, and the first book to Macabæorum.
uerfàtur: the gods, as many other examples in that book, but in another way, and from the Auetore & ta of the first.
books, to say nothing of the epoch Seleucidarum one year less places ,.
Auetore than the first book. And so it is no wonder, if the last two years had attended the.
cgissè said that three years never happened before, with the same or 148.
hum Seleucidarum throwing the book at 149. But, prior to this.
reaching out in his lecture at Babylon :.
Oh 1000 500 500 E H E B A B 1 500 500 A N E S 5 50 1 St.
LT E L A part of Daniel, however, than a promise, it is very famous.
She and from all of the Seven Give overrun problem.
nielis, which I will not say as much as in the old ones as well ,. delufèrit
the permission of as modern ones: what commentifint, that he then might Fefe extras.


Page 179


A) state no children. And yet, so we are truly, and faithfully and also of the Gentile writers am.
served two years of rogue reported that from the beginning year of the exccf.
sum of Alexander the Great, and not just to the year, and perish. Everything is.
the times during which the Kings of these orders to any insignicha.
RA & grind are marked, which can not be contradicted. Either one thinks about.
J & U luminaries; as of the year Cambyfae, & for killing: or perceived by some to be very certain.
mointeruallo as the year of the Olympics, the start of a battle Pelopon.
nefiaco Arthasastha longimana end, the first killing Bastard, and by me.
Memo 's e p h o 586 1 50 1 1 S C A G E R 1.
Mentor. So what do they want to meet current among men who have this A.
inuestigarunt »I do not see; the kings who are on the margins of the spring, to the com men.
Titios those Assuero Priscos, certain race apart, the Babylonians for certain race, and.
Cyros twins refuge. First we see it. Or resolved.
Be patient, can be deduced from the letters of the temple profane the IREX, with the date of which is also to the Greek.
Rum accounts recovery. Because of Perficorumnominum and the system.
the most important of these judgments of men, he knew not ,. ossicus vifa compofitio
From difpicere but they could be in Babylon, and AF.
fyris own names, we idem to complete the work ,.
cenfeo selected; and the Compofitioni has been the right to declare, to which object.
We ipfam. Herodotus wrote about the names that bear%.
$ eggs and flies to 41% of AO άμοια% iai Cjuaai & τῆ μεγαλοπετεῖς τελάλα B.
7ra%; Tov% 993uua, A021683% μάρ Σω κοιλέεαι, Ιωες όε Σιγμα.
and; 3 '' άζύρ® R & JG% {31% ^ & 1óy?) IIegaâoy% 8y6ua? And μ @ $ @ ja.
8, αλλά τω α όμοίως. No breaks in the name of a termination £> j.
γμοι. Is his business whether in all things, that truth is made, is very much in doubt. Sane Cyrus ,.
Darius, Greek and complete version has vltimam.At.
He Mithridates Oxydates, meantime, Artaxerxes, and similar things.
Sigma determine the Greeks, Perfect definunt at A. Cyrus.
Sun dieter wants to Plutarch in Artaxerxes received from Ctefia.
Thus, for one writes Ctefias for killing the Bastard in his regarding his wife: I was speaking of the Weaver of Civum iriey.
BCE ^ & era and TI $ SRA% 6voug AVR & Xajxie Köz9. But faepiùs impose ,.
We almond or prudent or imprudent. Cyrus is written in C.
along at the perfect sun sign>. And so, it is not the same thing. For Fane similar.
gether voice impofuit Ctefiae Greco. For little consequence.
* V *, v *. And the sun is otherwise q> \ 3]> nubs a pert. V ** however.
We do know that τ: ^ οφ'u to the LU), food, food. And.
to that example, there are the names of all things, which the grammarians call the.
Verbal. Or is that great one, is made from this was called the King of perfum, I myself, were.
assirmare did not dare to say. This, however, I have said, it is true. Thus, Darius, or ,.
for example Ctcfias Aae / 2 * @ ', which comes closer to complete the form ,.
(It can not be discussed Asper) boss) Hérodote explained.
ápáείης a premcndo and restraint. Egas called by the ancient poet.
Hephaestioni: Egáí ti d% τ 'αύολ ajpoú @@ @ 1 sgares, as indicated J. D.
cxpcditione worked in the army for killing numerofi, when Bof.
»Danutz bridged. That's the name of it is written wynis Dariavves. That.
What happens is, nescio, except the vine, that is, the driver, who ^ 3 ίμς. in which.
Herodotus coincides with a wonderful interpretation. Artaxerxes same.
Herodotus is the μάχας 2% 9 ', which, however, defines the diyμα bear.
cc> n? gTnns Artaxaste, or> nagnsns, Artoxaste. And so Plutar_.
cho behaved E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 50 1000, p. you want,.
 ho £ 3? ^ 0.

A A is called a cho %%; O, by those not THE NAMES OF THE PERSIAN.
by PCR. Clearly then, the Greeks and perpetual S c 1 1 MP 51 A.

Ram 2 %%%%% w% w di flue 2 %% g.
ci who would prefer £ 2 %%, NS, or 2G *** n i | 4il. A..
3 ^! _. * ^ * • •. r.
 in | »] And.
"%% m or 2 %%% ασδ) 5, as the arms nºn | s | thir.
But the genius Artaxefdes Volume V | Anne | | Meth.
He writes a Letter O 2. GIS whose surname = 5 | Pharfàm.
City ced threats. Fne.s aside $ c] 6 [Pharne.
F0 $ referumt ced behavior. Iuue nnps | 7 | Ester.
final. The name of the compofito 18, ini | £ 8.
19, 12. Likewise, the poorly iifdem quickly sent; 9 g4.
 / __ * • a.
 1 C.
BtiAt 33g313 that Syēnē άης, yp | 1 1 | Maui.
or> ΠΕΤ άης said. this | SNS, "s" j |, STHA, Sthe.
vltimæ voice, which is the lowest among | '' * "AI J7) ;.
Artaxeste steps and no extant T = N] 1 4 [Ham.
Tithraciste mine in Diodorus *)] 1 5 | Wai.
"& Ntun In the 27, 19, 2 2. It Ti | 1 6 |.
thracistes was a natural ter * & NJ | 17 | 2ata.
 d • N & ny8: nus] 1 8 | J4rth ether.
pitching. * Nn • the same form. . .
{{D vjris] 1 9 | ./chos, 0chos.
And then when rne, a% ® ', y' estapu pºn | zo [Exodus.
Ctefiam or άχ €), VRS crowded ~ y] 2. 1] them.
In the vfu fimplex such as corn * YNP | . .] Sechery.
Cpofitum. vynTtris ö3vdgn5 from 19 ~ y] 2. 3 | thrat.
16, 2 5, or, as critics Hebrew P * P | A4 | £ n, Kau.
write vinyns Ahaschvveros.Id, Tin, Tin] z 51®s, SSU ,.
Greece, if I O N <P s3P] 2 6 [Hama.
yl told compoiitum Greeks and O * nn | 27 | Tithri.
& Agr; : Difiunctim of the NT], 8 | Wai.
reported όχ® ° öo'gOM £. When & P will be £ p [2.9] Shepher $ PA.
SP 14, Tin vjnsTip Kva% PNS. Kau, op | 3 O | Mas.


Page 180


ςης, and specifically who is afraid gods.
ment nºs & Arab NNT 100 § • ά .Quod nomenaliquandopostpo.
"Discerned that φλθαχέας, ipan from 6, 24. Thus O3νκαὐκ, * ~ JP vus out.
P. 16, 2 and 6. Thus AGX); Aesehyl ipis of 1, 24, Oàvd) but) nniuns.
From 19, 16, 9. For this <NJ also fimpliciter pronounced Aάτις ,.
which was $ egτηγός Aapei8. O3v & gtmy & Oává $ scares think it will be fed.
Greeks deprauasse. Oxyathres, however, was the brother for killing Codomannus. Au.
And for Strabo. O3vdgT $ * & nswns of 19, 16, 18 when she grae.
and Tim joined the side of esserantur, difiunótim were ἀχος δακῶς, όχος δα.
"Dat%, άχό δαςτΚ. Mithie, or of the Mithridatic, or meth, too, the foreskin.
falsus, 588. . E p h o s s c a 1 1 50 1 G E R 1.
discerned that snfnn M. ^ $ pid \ im% is fine Oh $ & * ~ * dd * t and that from A.
tat in cash to its King. Mithra à Mithcr comparative level ,.
that is, μ € ίζω. And the thicker the dynasty, or the Lord. Therefore.
Mithra used to call it, that is, xJe / or, δύναςmy.
Even now præponitur as Astrampfychus, now less than ,.
for example Zoroastrs or Zoroaster nnps on the basis of 8, 7, once the bus.
vfurpatur fold, to see the Queen Hcster, which had previously Hcbraicc.
? GNM, that is, Mtjwn called. So, Ari, 1, at any time fimplex ,.
A2ιυG), sometimes compofito, Aeuudw ©, of 1, 11, is nominated.
not to perfom the underworld was used instead. With Hefychium, Agìudó) ;, 6 AU) ;.
aj§ $ IIígatu. According to Plutarch and others seem the same as Mithra and.
To the sun. For high-Perfarum the sun. Plu writes B. Therefore,
tarchos Themistocles out of the mouth of $ xáléUŠap% tολμίοις αωας φεδας.
όσόα, Rov Aeuuaiioy, άπως ἐλασωσι ἀ 2% 8, 33 íavî. Ghosts Au.
Likewise 2, fimplex as ghosts hærefiarcha bear, whereby the blow.
Waste sometimes as a singular 5 Wasti Queen, once composition.
may achieve Hystafpis, * ~ £ rny Of the 28, 29, the boss in the bear Aszarnc.
does not seem to someone other than the Hystafpe. Compofitio same name Ysai.
zμας said Trilogy. Astyages was on the one side it is composed. With these of the anus.
maduerfis, now have to see whether expressly King alight till facras.
Eibliis, from the time of the rest of the times of the deprchcndi they can be. Certainly it.
Thus, it seems that it is possible, if of Him, whose mention is made in the facris the farthest of the books of ,.
fixed period of time can be noted. It is given with Nehemiam ca.xii C.
2 Z, under the Nehemiah testifies ïàðû top facerdotiofun & nm.
Ïàðû truth is that nobody can deny, is that Alexandra.
He came to be taken up into the dress of the Pontifical came in, went up to Jerusalem. Darius.
Thus, this was the equal of Alexander & Darius confequenter this.
That is, who won, Alexander, King of grade palace. Whatever.
so it is done, Nehemiah it came to the time of Alexander. , Nor did it.
denied. But a stronger and subject to test. Sanbelletes.
A Samaritan, and, where kings endowed as he was a man of grace and wealth, Nehemias:.
, Re-making the walls of Jerusalem, by every possible means to address him if efforts fail.
it is. Nehemiah 4. This Sanbelletes fecutus is, the camp of Alexander, to give him.
Füppetias came down to Gaza, the soldiers assaulted it with the help of the hand; and Mr
He died shortly after, before I took the fight against Alexander ,.
At first Olympiad 112 years. History exists in Iofephus. Here.
Nechemiyah equal Sanbelletes Alexander the saw. Give.
more dear, therefore, illo, under which the ïàðû the top of the facerdotio funétus is to say, it is not.
is to be other person authorized by him, whom Alexander was victorious. The third argument visited.
resistance is equal to the bone pcrtinaciae dull. Sanbelletes daughter house.
And Manasseh his marriage gave the name of his brother ïàðû Nicafo in the Black Sea.
ficis1) 1000 e e e n b a r. E P O R T 1000 50 1000 v 1 p. v i. 8.
, Figs max. Auotore Iofephus lib. reign. At seeing this, Do not.
Hemi Manasseh Republic of Jewish expelled and $ Xaoawøy.
yov £ 7roin RC. Nechemiyah Div. vit. 28. Why do you out to Ioiadefilij.
Eliafibi Pont. AMAX was son in law to Sambelletù Oronitæ, whom I am speaking from his timber.
grandfather. Ïàðû, however, was the son of John, was it, John of Jehoiada. He was a man they could not even.
pos, by his son John in. But in truth, the Jews are ignorant of Sanbelleten foce.
that he had obtained the pardon of the temple, by Alexander the Great in the juice of Manasses.
mount Gerizim, and materials for constructing a: to the other; They admit that the same demand to Sanbelleten ,.
the memincrit Nehemiah. But they are wrong, at that time, when one Simon,.
Fuissearbitrantur that Just One, the smoke of the Pope, it is not Iadduam.Quare out.
the light of these things that is clear enough, Nehemiah to the time of Alexander the Great, Peru.
gnisse.Ideo, Darius, you see, that according to the last place you remember, it is the Darius the Codomanus.
less that the Alexandroad of Gaugamela live, then put in a Besso.
terfe and burn est.Nehemias is writing the last chapter of the book have been under the head end.
Achi of Artaxerxes, the sonnes of Artaxerxes the memos, under the Pope, Ioiada.ca.i;. .
z8.Lege Iofephus necessarily, lib.xi.x "4a.% as the head of this surprisingly V1.
tima of Nehemiah, the times of the states: quamqum there are erroneously written in AAA.
38 %% AG, instead, a% $ %% A £ £ 38, just in Tertullian with.
Argus we read that the Jews falsely on behalf of Achus tra, quierror vetusest. Na.
Even Julian Pomerius against Jews Argus Achus to write display.
dit fe vfum mendofo codex of Tertullian, with the hunclocú from the coscriptore.
under the end of the book of Nehemiah seems to fuü scripfisse defumeret.omnino.


Page 181


Was not alone in cap. Z, Z 2 is detected, but also ca. 8 Iofephus ejuf.
dem XI book. whom some place or other consule. We now understand far as possible.
IReg bear. The first, that no doubt is Cyrus. He.
afterward the kings in the Untrue, regnarint, faithful account of all the things in order from Græcisbona.
"Cenfeo. It should be considered whether they can be elicited from the Bible, too, were of course divine. Give.
nielis and eleven, in the last year, which had taken a third of Babel ,.
Daniel Angelusita addresses yynry pne 'eripv w' '; ^ NY% v iyi.
-I bis; Nova ^ u, at Lake gaaiXé, AIA %%) & ri IIsgoi). § JTA £%.
axja § 7% ^ y μέγαν ἄδα του% 5. During the four kings were to arise on.
of the faith after, Cyrus, and, of which the last term all the rear guard of opulence. After CY.
So these four fequuntur p rum, Cambyfes, Smerdis, and Darius Hv.
T stafpis, King. When Xerxes was defied, then, ye, can these be said, the most powerful one.
could be meant by & even if I speak of Daniel, from the history of the Greeks auetorem by the fates.
it was found. He adds later: After opesstabiliuerit, that is ;.
postquamregni rein has been moved up / ußitabit all the kingdom.
Crac. Is a distinction to be rivaled finger of fate indicandum.Xer.
xes igiturestquartus, Daniel of those who eofdem against the Hellenists, The kings of the unbelievers.
sets after Cyrus; Cambyscn course, Smerdims Darius Hystafpis;.
   Ddd Xcrxen; s e p h o 59o 1 1 1 50 S C A G E R 1.
Greece, Daniel, was making a huge and with utmost force solicitaturum. The Au.
iifdem returns from kings to understand that the witness Jerome in Da.
NIELS: the words of which are these things come to this point: guatuor The kings of the post.
refùrrecturos said the rogue companies, Cambyfem son gyri, 3Jmer.
give Magus, who Pantaptes daughter Camby /% led his wife. Quice.
A / eptem they would have been killed, and place it tariis / a / eepißet m.
have tried the same Pantaptes nupfitT) Ario, and 5 of them Xerxemgenuitfilium ,.
The richest and most powerful king and 5 aduerfus Greece incalculable.
led his army, and it has done that Greek history. Ha & you.
mis Jerome. All recenfentur boss in the bear under the order.
fons killing Hystafpis fed by Kyaxare Medo, the Xerxes I, son.
Clllo. .
> £ £ x x x £ €> {. •.
ToIydg y4y ägyov av% 6yovay% O ".
1000% y% ον, αὐείμηχον, and οίον} ατω.
% §yε τιμω Z and E); ava% τῆd 'ἀπασεν ,.
E'y ajdeg 7rdam, conferred% un G7: 648.
Tayäv, àXoy% oxîegy & 9wríe / or.
M} and $ 6 AG Light & iysuà eg, segrg.
To d | " dgv Σάτων ζεκ € νωσε τεσόν.
A'λλ © d '& veiy8 Tojg RDD' ägyov jjvors. .
q> G € ¢ AUR $ $ vuovo oiaxoseg4a. Question
Teie d 'dt' DVT and KJg® and Jaiu ay d); .
AG% ας ἐ3ηκε τάσιν eigíwlw ® ^ gg.
Avday δ λαόν έ φεύγων άτο {%.
Iøyiav τα τοῖσω ήλασεν £ i4.
You ¥ Β Gx JZ $ NGA, 6y & 4go e ¢ w.
Kíg8 özrjg Taray% i3ws segτόν.
IIάμῖφ δ Mag ©% V, ajarujn tdteg ,.
Θejolai τ 'dgχαjoioi. τόν δ σω δόλω.
A 4pám%, AXR {yov IO ^ 33 eV â'duo ';.
£ no dödego 4ixoioiy, OIC Rod | ' Lu) £ 23 G).
The Mdey443% O, 323ouös T * A £% φάn ;. D.
Kgyó d'% xvgyo. § 23 J3 "Aoy ταλε.
"Kgr & egr4 / 7o. TOX c. Aw 7roX ^ $ segt ?.
AW & κακόν (τόδε τ £ ος ἐραλον τόλά.
Zagat d 'ἐμὸς τεῦς ἐν νό τία Φe9 €.
This repeats the start of monarchy complete the Kyaxare and eiusfilio ASTY.
ge "to which the füccesserit Cyrus the force and tor, CyroCambyfes, Cambyfae Mardus ,.
that is,.
Xerxesa who are four kings. And the fourth is to conduct, even from E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 5 B. L 59 ;.
From this, the Smerdis Magi, shame to the throne of the year, that shall he says. these are meant by.
fucceflorum for several days the nobles of the alternate feptcm, Maraphis, Aria.
Pherne and others until yourfcif, Darius clectus it. This is clearly Æschylus.
the famous place of the atonement, which he was to pass away. However, initially asterisks.
pofuere, to lack a certain woman is altogether obvious to us. Besides spring.
FIG feptimum% D 'αςυ Σάτων third of the way out. E.
in place of a rat belonging to another pofitus, Sufà from the Kyaxare O spoiled one, from a son of Astyages.
rcstituta reinstatement does not obscure said. This can not read or elsewhere.
Which is adjacent to, requiring them, are these: Artaxerxes, 6 μακ € %%. Darius the egg.
$ ©, Artaxerxes 6 μνῆμαι. Darius Nothus is escorted by two.
Artaxerxe, longimana, and memos. Therefore, if the books facris wears.
E is a fuccessisse Artaxerxae Darius Darius also Artax.
xam the other, that no doubt is left that we in the middle, Darius, is made.
that is Nothus diet is that the rival child was ARTAXERXES Au.
cause him of the precedent takes place, shall he who was called μακ € jxdg done as follows: To Artaxerxes the true God.
One, is that μνήμων named. This being agreed, fcquitur again ,.
reported that people who went before Artaxerxes, Xerxes, he is becoming a man, a most celebrated of the enemy.
Greece. Legimusitaque Efdra with the cap. fourth, a comma fexto :.
£ teeming Oxya, the beginning of eiu / AEM, accused / ationem imflituerunt on them ,.
The Jew who lived to Jerusalem. During the reign of Artaxerxes, however, AMI.
ihridates, and others, even the popular faéiiomi * ßripferunt ssege by me.
Look on. En fuccedentes order of two kings, Oxyares or as lu.
CDAE critics declare that Ahaschvveros and by me. Soon to be.
Darius, a certain man said to him: To Artaxerxes the on subsequent fuccessisse: of which, Give.
rij tcmplirepetitum need for a break in the ongoing and continuous.
To King Ahasuerus then fuccessitis that Nehemiam & Efdra in.
Judah sent.

Page 182


pi repeated, is escorted by two Darius Nothus Artaxerxe, MA.
crochire & Mnemon. Quiautem ahead longimana, is, save.
Bards were the smoke, it is that Xerxes, whom Oxyaren calls the Scripture has said, the name of the.
which enables a private house, vnavns Oóvagns, or, as Hebrews, MA.
foretis, vinyns, Ahaschvveros.quod not matter. It, therefore, fine ô.
% Vagns, fine Ahaschvveros is absolutely great alarm conduct grae.
1) ciæ, Esther, a Hebrew. The first trust means the beginning of the book Ester ;.
In saying Ipfe AH A s c h r o s Ε W, which extended from India to the Ethiopian.
consistent V / who, one hundred & 5 / éptemdecim allocations imposed. This testifies.
Herodotus tells us, that is, when Mardonius and Xerxes, unto whom now :.
{d `y6y μὰ do en agiiyua> AXA; μ $% LIDAR, e ai $ jot% Aoyveiou:.
K & λλα τε ἐ9yto 7roWd, uάγαλα d \ x% 7aw IIígra5% &% y, d ^^ d du'apu. "
πςοατὰς βελόμόρος κα% £ $ aJdg Po d '& λοις άχούρ. E ^^ 'ωσς ό στέα.
; one hundred and two) XI); & Τιμωςησόμε3a. Rurfus confidence interval used by Springer.
  E) d 2 chodo39 »1 o s e p h s c a 1 1 50 G E R 1.
chodonoforo, to that one. Kis abduétus of Babylon Benjamin A.
When King Coni'ah. A son of this act. His was Jairus, the father of the Zo.
Chae. Was Mordecai, the child really was, the cousin german of ESTC. Here, three γέα) of Na.
lbuchodonoforo to Queen Esther. The fanc Coni'ah a grab for.
B) from £ ασιν Zagat, thought to be 12 years. For the fact that, Annius he may be avoided.
bienft under the name of Philo fifty years, but is not afraid to 198.
to distribute, willing that eiufmodi to passe, that in no other way, than by the idle of a monk.
Conf & um, and they wrongly interpreted by an untrained receive. For SI.
la words that had 3abyloniae abduétus is pcrperam does not.
Mardochias grandfather Kis, but to Mordecai ipfum. But what.
tergiuerfàmur? Conduct after Cyrus is the fourth and next to the N.
taxerxem. Efdra Iv, 6. 7. Therefore Oxyares and conduct that axesta and B.
Nest we anticipated, as we difputauimus from 19, 12,> Oh Någre% m%.
But certainly for all those who come to the commandment of the name to be changed to the custom of the ,.
fupr names Chaldaicis difputata it. So Ahasuerus Mne.
Sun, cumadhuc are going to be called Agaixag & Odpowy. Darius.
A bastard, said earlier ©% and Oχθ. Ctefias: βασιλὰ Aχ & ,.
¥, μεγομαζ) A2gj®. The son of his first Aχθ 'diets; in his government.
From £ áž® %%%%% tranominatus. With Iofephus, as mentioned supra.
mouse, lib.X correctly read Ade a £ %% £ 38 for Aχ8 A £ 338.De%.
1ique that Codomannus said earlier, it inimperio, Darius dictus ,.
The last term bear. So Oágnó and zágnó is that which Græcizág.
$ U) termed, as a pro A £ %%% would say %%%%. But the buffer Q
Cam Queen, the wife of Xerxes? She was Au3e / 3 or so other things.
perio, Aug3e / 3. inB8TI of 14, 7. Similar to compofitio of Tire, ~ ,.
How Aman's father had been called out 14, 9. An e £ / £, $ Aμ & football, Aua52 / 5.
the same thing: nnesEn. It also called for killing his daughter Oxyathris Co.
domanni, of which the name of the citie, diet was that, with the Pontic Amastris etiamho.
on keeping the name as the author Strabo quiaddit fi d | If Auage /%% / y.
μ $ Aiovvaie & HeyxXeia; tvegye, $ vyoitng dl'O3va3p8§ Asper | cid eÅφά £ 8.
23. The J% awdgoy.Apud bear Aui5gn5 boss in the name of mankind gods.
And then comes Aui5gn5 masculine Apu32 / 3 feminine vt to FIM ;, 7roXiii ^ ;. A.
FICCI will not know the difference between writing a possit.Eodemmo.
do Mozai5g6 boss nnpspeex 3 O 7. However Aeschylo Apusia / £, Auisgns, DC
both are male, are: Au £ e / c, Au4 τε πολυτονον% P% d% y Nøμῦ.
It is an unresolved Queen Esther? We also call. So what.
she had come to thalamumregis 5 as previously Hadassa, that is ,.
Mvjùm, said. For the A% Ara mother of Xerxes that keeps killing.
Hadashah, this action is accompanied by the same, to the fulfillment Hcbraeor neT that was the name.
allude to see much mistaken, so that she was married to her body.
who is the son of its crater. In fact, Ahasuerus is to be xcrx. And here clown.
 Darius.
7.
] 500 E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 1000 V 50 1 B. 6. 593.
Darius Hystafpis to Roast & proindc Darius Assuerum vol.
ce to be. Others Queen waste, which rejects Ahasuerus to be.
Atossa: others Artystone, than the wife of them shall lead them; and Darius, neither.
A rare goal is nonsense. Amastris, therefore, filled with fine, she said.
Esteem: She say, is an ester Queen, which populates the care of the Jews.
infidiis vindicauit Aman, when the king fplendidissimo at a party.
auspices. The entertainment Perficc said TVX%, as the author of it.
HERODOTUS. in that, at a party, who also to this it adds the kings of the Perfarum it is not.
pressed to be allowed to deny anything of what be requested of them. Phanias.
Peripateticus with Athenaeo lib. II.vocat W% x \ on / 3oy. With joy.
Ahaschvveros be consistent, fine öávdgw be Xerxes I, you see how.
Bimprudenter the Jews, and some as our fathers, the men who so fequuti ,.
Darius the Mede is a son of this writing. Three other Ahaschvveros.
divined equal. What words? Another of treacherous men, others like him.
Comments are kings. After Cyrus the king quendamopulen.
The fourth most think, Daniel. Ahaschvveros he is the king of the most lavish scale.
attention, and consequently the fourth day after Cyrus. But if after a fourth Cy.
Rum and conduct it. To this fuccedit Artaxeste, Dariæos to him, to him, out of the.


Page 183

 what we bring in Daniel Efdra and Nehemiah, Za =.
Chart & Haggaeus detected. "• •.
In the Kings / arum Daniel ,.
5Nehemia and 5 Afdra.
Cyrus. DANIEL. XI. 2.
Cambyfes. DANIEL. 1. x x.
Smerdis. DANIEL. 1. x x.
Darius Hystafpis. Daniel x 11 1 1. 1. 2. Efdra 5.
King. DANIEL. x 1. 2. Efdra 1 1 1 1. 6. Esther.
Artaxerxes μακ € 6% x6g. Efdra 1 1 1 i
Darius Nothus. Efdra 1. 24. v.
Artaxerxes δ μύμων. Efdra V 1 i Nehem. I
Of. .
 Darius Codomannus. Nehemiah 2 x 1 1 2.
It is therefore 500) to the Kings or rogue% in facris books and.
the same in Greece. Between Artaxeste productive and Darius vi.
In fact, there is only the Ochus Artaxestes crime before others mi.
manior all of this: one of them, I say, of which mention is made of the letters in the facris ;.
But the rest all the diferte be found in the book of Daniel, Efdra, Esther, Nehemiah ,.
7acharia, Haggaeus. Therefore, no room for them Assueris early, assure.
ns Babylonians, accustomed to the pious and the rest, as Plautus speaks of kings.
a beggar, who proceeds from the ossicinaChronologorum, praefertimex fomniis.
Lucius. \. Ddd 3 Annija.
.

s94 1 m s o s e p c a l G E R 1 1.
AnnijViterbienfis are published. He does not know the two recently Cyros A.
gave birth to us, and the other for killing the son of medje, and the other Cyrumillum.
Imagnis. However ci? \% D, v and .quas was fine equal to that monster.
a pair of two kings, and advanced Artaxerxescompofuerunt ,.
As it is placed is made of the throne of Cyrus, Ahasuerus said to king Artaxerxes, in the fubito. Id coin.
chin is pointed out by commas 6, 7, ch. 4 Efdra built in.
there he clearly let it be written, for the first time from the of Samaria, & the Syrians the men is born in the opustem.
pi interrupted. So knowledge, 4. Since, however, none the less of Zerubbabel.
he was now to continue the work, and made fun of the efforts of men of that country, accompanying thought.
the enemy of the Jews, they fled. Fubornarunt court that with the Jews.
Cyrus accuse. Why the interim cessation of work still mi.
Cyrus previously. 5. commas after Cyrus Cambyfen, Smerdim Grant B.
to reach out Hystafpis, whereas it belongs neither to be the fate of the contest, and among them from the imperial palace.
Accufari kings, to handing accufationi fubscripferunt, and the name of the Iu.
dæorumAhaschvvero, fiuc Oxyarae, hoccst, Xerxes quitunc first time.
to the imperial power had appeared, and into France. So knowledge, 6. At his death, according to.
Artaxesten, who is the accompaniment of fuccessit, again to the Jews, and to their proceresac.
cufarunt, commas 7.Vnde the return of the Jewish Temple and fun.
damentis Ia and tie for a fruitful year for killing a bastard, a break through.
1o7 years. But Chronologi what each statement? The Ahaschvvero.
fexti paragraphs and Artaxeste feptimi monster Bicorpor county.
pegerunt, Assucrum Artaxerxis: quonihil silly ones as well, unless beyond.
Geron rule-bodied as in the stories, and in facris letters BICORPORAL C.
we admit it. Cumigitur series of the kings of Perfidia by Cyrus the Great, to the.
Had overthrown Darius, Codomannus far as possible derive is made, on this side, it is allowed to.
a great interval of time, which is bounded by reditumHebraeorum exChaldæa ,.
And productive year for killing Bastard interest. The first or Nehemiah.
no vicefimo Arthasastha Memoris fefe long inuestigasse writes a book.
Genealogy of those who had returned with Zerubbabel him later.
fefe finally investigation long ago. How utterly classified ,.
P6A%) or more at a time from the return Hebrew Arthasastha me.
tranfisse manner. At the very least this is carried out is proved, that no one of those who have.
rcdierant, then was fuperstitem. Registered no such care.
Rum Inquifition the work would have been, if they, whose genealogies in the book of D.
and it was written they were, or their sons, we fuperfuissent, who were asked for better.
de suo they could to the genus of, and of which the testimony of maiorfi from within himself.
des, than that we could get the book. It is more certain is gathered from the Efdra, according to.
by Darius Illegitimate s iubeas libraries, & archiuo the trunks in the gods.
"Ligenter turned out that edietam year of redituIudæorum found. Of course.
This indicates that at all, had been standing edietam it existed.
the memory of them, even of men, who at that time viucbant, bought, vtpotc.

CUlI1 ?.
n ,.
v.DE E 1000 N 500 E A T. T O R V 1000 £ 1000 £ 51 B 6. 39 ;.
More Advertising with no one to bear witness to his fuperessent in the affairs of men. nor imme.
rito.Magnum for the interval of time from the decree of Cyrus, sent to Darius the Nothum. That.
if not in some other way, it is derived from the time of Ahasuerus, of, fine Oxya could believe that.
could not. Indeed, through the captivity, unto the upon Ahasuerus, γεας three more with less.
above the outlet from the book of Esther and Mordecai holiday has been established. Assure.
ro or Oxyari fuccedit by me. Arthasastha next apartment, Darius :.
as a minimum, three or four} μάαῦinterfint between the back and the starting points.
Killing her, whose ongoing work in the Temple continued. Why.
had confidence in him, a chasm, a long period of Chronologi better ,.
and that templicontinuationem propiustempora year adrnouerent ,.
the new kings of the rogue comminiscerentur. Here, too, for a long fč.
Eneétutem Iefus fümmiSacerdotis and zorobabel leader colligereli.
Nchemiae etc. irrefutable evidence. We have said as much as in between.
of Cyrus, sent to Darius the Nothum is done by the rampart: it is not known, nor, so far as.
bastard is made by Darius, with again, sent to Darius the far as possible. Nchemias Cyrus ,.
Darius last, only the leaders of the two sets, Zerobabel and.
himself shall cap.

Page 184


{Nice, that is, a minimum of 2 years oo duotantum leaders of the Jewish people.
Rum things, great things his rashness: and of that years have, quifub the name of Philo.
the mind of the leaders of the temple profane the contrary, after the calls to refuse to Zerubbabel.
books. For the prophet Zechariah wants a Iefus and.
Temple Zerubbabel need to be continued from the first attempt, c.
Terms with examples of either feneéta few years, several thousand Mofis fuperiùs.
uerit. It also appears from the language to its Nchemiæ, Nehemiam respectively.
While window abated. For though it was himself are it is established, that he was in the time of.
Bastard lived under Eliafibo of killing Bishop, and for the last time.
monarchiæ times they do arrive, the greater annorumde 1 Zo.
LIE necessary. From the beginning, it is for killing Nethe, to disaster Perfarum.
to the of Gaugamela, of the year, however, you would think they are not less than 93. ncque Nehe.
be apprehended that this man was the same with him, of which mention is Efdra 11. 2. Nehem :.
vii.7. Another eaim it. And strenuously mistake quieundem cumhoc.
they do. But although he remembers Nehemiah ynius zorobabel ,.
500 to be the leader, yet many others had to be manifestoin.
say the cap. v. 15. Perhaps the yeres, Philo, Annianus names.
Fuorum leaders Architecture and avoiding angles. Nehemiah, at least under Eliafib Pon.
tiff has not repaired the walls of Jerusalem. Eliafib the grandson Iofüc.
Pontiff. Two generations of reduétionc was delivered to the.
staurata walls, passed through. who would be the least of 144. Moreover, the whole of the year are.
reduétione of the year, however, they are held in captivity is from the dam, to the viccfimum annumi.
Arthasastha Memoris ;.
* Ddd EPO596 4 1 1 o s e p h e r r s c a 50 G 1.
v.
E P O c H AR 11 1 1 500 A A A A A 1000 O 500 100 A 1 AR, ^.
F. T 1 N S T A R A T 5 1 1 O N T E P 50 1000 1. From C.
IIIE R SO N IL 50 A 5 M.
Efleu and repair the concrete epochas to be less reuo.
care, takes place when it has been demonstrated, Ahasuerus was Xerxes I, Da.
H.'s thoroughly demonstrated. would bring no labor is the era of the queen of the.
But the court, under which the temple was built, is it every time.
Momentum was false. I was the third in the conduct of their empire.
Whilst the entertainment & media chiefs welcomed the banquets cause.
Esther does not return a book, but the book is not dissicile v 1 1 Herodotus about it.
it can. For a campaign pushing for Greece, which is B.
And all its equipment with the chiefs imperijretulisset soon.
those that fplendidissimo meal c eighty days profecutus it. The fa.
cult to make confirmed by the second day, at a party, in which the people, the people gladly received, as it were il.
lud that it would be Xτέακτικόν, such as table with the country to endue them with an expedition.
ret, & it would not be a long time after this the people of the vifurus. From this it comes about that.
Ester in the whole interval from annotertio, adfeptimum peace.
crime: else that which is of course, within that period of expcditio contigerit.Tot.
themes Besides those who gather convicted Assuerumef.
be Xerxes I, to speake of him: nor will any doubt about it, unless beyond the ability of one who is to be no ,.
nor could he refuse, except the evil one can. As soon, therefore, reuerfo from the GræciaXerxi.
Ester menfe forward, an end feptimianni under Xerxes. Two C.
And in the fourteenth, thirteenth menfis Adar fupplicium DEA.
manna Fumio 5 3 287 Jewish year, which was Nifanius 3.8.1 Oi. Apri.
the third issue. Therefore neomcnia twin-month holiday prolific Martijquin.
ta year period Iulianus 4 2 4 of the twelfth cycle of the sun, the moon three times.
upright. 1 1 1 1 1 x fifteen of Adar was, therefore, of March, the Saturday: and yet of this.
Has no relation to the Jews were on the first, to prevent the enemies of the care of vlciscc.
* Recounted how easily regarded as one religion. Was year.
world; 476, Ichthyonos viccfima. 6. zygon advanced z z. 42 ',.
September XXX. Nabonassari 274 years, Athy XXVIII. In the two.
{Imillimis cafibus Jews diuerfa modotempora notarunt.Nam inhibition.
sloria Ester menfe to mark the lunar month period, more suo D.
The. But in the edicts of the king, which he gave their flattering of A ".
Man murder to murder all the Jews does not exist.
no doubt, why menfis & appcllatione has been Perfica, also, and indeed to have one as much.
of bile, it is not the moon, of, needed at least more s palace, not as the Jews. But in fi.
Macabæorum of the soldiers, a matter of his third book, which is called, it is not as the Jews do men.
bes think, but Egyptian. For her unexpected help from God.
Jews never happened writes a fifth mcnfis Epiphi to feptimi. Of course.
C3 CGI1).
500 E 1000 N 500 E e r. E P O R T 1000 1000 V 51 B 6. 39 '.
A ea that befell the space of three years, from the time when, Ptolemy Philopator defeated im. .
perire And king Rehoboam took things: enter thou that which is derived from the distance between the fifth of the Epiphi page was not moved.
Julian Augustus XVII as previously. The first year of Phi.
lopatoris terms with 528 Nabonassari, periods of 4494. Why, however, Iulianae,.
<Though we do not know the year, the Victoria & Philopatorem the former.
Great and smoke Jewish life crisis, and then suddenly FA.
lus it happened: An examination, however, it is to us, that has happened of August, xvii.
For Eufebius you do not know the truth of the year of the real thing, advises them in the.
Philopator initial contributions to be. But let us return to the Book of Esther :.
of which the epoch of the month Adar, in keeping with the xiii of that day, than for that adscripfimus. And.
fane to be wondered at himself, seeing that the worship to be observed, with no less fifteen of Adar.


Page 185


the element of cult to be unmade, unless we knew it was the one of before, over and above, have later on.
continuous sabbaths: for two reasons, however, to have been abrogated; not in order.
name of the two day of the week that are continuous, but because he was able to happen.
s granary, so that it would be a sabbath of XVI the month Adar, they were, therefore, at that time, three Sabbaths.
continued. that it would be very inconvenient. Again to book Ester mil.
la concentration thirteenth month indication at present that day.
All the Jews revere remarkable fasting is called the fines hundred.
the instruments that we have seen in ipfos. Etfane.
to the recent observance of that it is proper to do when, as we have said, neither.
Esther comes from the instruction book, nor, if it would have been fatal blows or her joy.
Jerusalem would carry Ecclefia for his remarkable victory in the rough ;.
Macabæorum kind of after-xv, 37. For as ye have him against that day the gods.
cassent holiday, would have received if the food? And so the ancient to the time.
John month bus named Mordecai from the same place as Macau.
baeorum we know: even in this case, as, indeed, be seen in fifteen of the day ratioha.
bita, although he cherished so he commanded the book of Esther. Why on Thursday.
on the tenth day, or it is not for a long time, antnunquam hath taken hold on. This is the feast of Zo.
Chae, almost at the same time to cut the customary, in order Hilaria of the Christians.
do not you know that, vtris thus loosened, the permission. Adco with vtrofque lost Pu.
Dor. The Jews then sent himself and other parts of the entertainment. But even.
the Jews were not ashamed to take the Christians from those long ago: Why is Canon.
Dfeptuagefimus named apostles mocks εἰτις κλne / x € ¢ m.
'S & OI, J & Ogrim $ p $ Iadaioy, a D% χοίς τας ἀυτύ (e e iogTii, átæ, oïov d.
ζυμα, ἀ ἀτό τι. more accurately, so it μειδες they quartaedecimae adarna.
άαίων mine meant as a% d% y. That is fufpenderefo.
lerent of Haman, and its permissions are the name of the Christianifmo should dally with the con.
The Constitution stands Honorij & Theodofij Augg.C. of Ind. & Cae.
lie. Constitution be brought out in the Codex. Tbeod. And ha.
DC advanced and thin, fine, so it requires reeta performed, Oxyares.
quem598 1 m s o s e p e A G E R 50 1 1.
to be Xerxes I, which, can not be doubted any more. After that adjoins A.
Artaxerxen Efdra, 1 p. 7. & at the end of the whole of tcmpore Strait.
Xerxes was interrupted need vfque to a productive year for killing.
Of course, no one Artaxerxcs fcquitur Xerxes I, Artaxerxes, in addition to Lon.
giman; , not only the lover ever; and Darius, apart from when He, who have been called.
Bastard. Postistum and indeed Darius in the seventh year of Artaxerxes, Efdra.
, and went to Jerusalem. Is to grant the middle between the two.
By me. So Darius Nothus, in the year of the ongoing go.
Rum is let out edietam of repairing the temple, and confequenter.
Jerusalem. Why force. 14. Efdra writing is of the order of Cyrus, killing ,.
& Arthasastha Jerusalem is restored. However cap.iv.7, tototempo.
a matter of Artaxerxes the interpellatur the work. Another is that the Ahasuerus ca B.
pitis vi.14, from that discussed in Chapter IV. 7, and the fact that most other.
Artaxerxes fcquitur Oxyaren, fine Xerxes, precedes given ISTC.
, however, fcquitur reign of Darius. There is so much perfpicuus the two Aria.
of Artaxerxes, so that to want to demonstrate in another way, it has been, however, aduerfari. Zech ,.
the whole Artaxerxistempore, before Darius, is disturbed in the work. Chap. ].
14, Artaxerxi bidding continues after Darius, then full man.
Darius, Xerxes, phases, and certain race ARTAXERXES compounded.
they are away from them, the light of the sun, Lend to those who are willing to. In the second year.
Will be repeated in the Bastard in his eDiets for killing Cyrus, in the thought that the enemy faétione.
been firmly established. Efdra force. 1 and 2. In the sixth eiufdem annotemplum.
deem that since last years, Cyrus vfque that time, in 100,.
Oh terpcllatum 1 to 5 years, which are not chronicle weeks.
dccim. A further days, the absolute need for tcmpli and dedication celebration.
these qualities; the cubes fexti for killing the third of Adar of the year. Efdra VII. 1 5. At the 1.
Iulianus 4 2 94 year period, the cycle of the moon XIX, Sunday x Jews.
today the tifrum 341. 3, 7, 1. 464, vndecimaSeptembris year.
common logarithm. The new moon of the month 2 Thursday, February feptimi.
Why dedication took place on the ninth of February, feriaquarta: Hydron.
on the fifteenth annia the creation of the 353 o: of which Zygon, 5. 6. 52, Sc.
ptembris xxix.anno Nabonassari; 28, Athyes fexta.Hunc Darius fe.
provided by me. The quiaillc, Darius was shown to be ready to co.
gnomentum was a bastard, ergoiste Artaxerxescstis, cuicognomen of D.
μήμου, in the year feptimo Efdra journey to Jerusalem, and.
the walls of Jerusalem, in whose vicefimo Nchemias re-made: that.
not to be allowed, by means of the enemies of the Jews, under the second Artaxerxes, no one 'du.
bitare be that accurate IV Efdra folk. Therefore, the Artax.
xes, and one is by him, of which mention is in chapter. 6. 14, and the point in time; vi.
Already ostenfumest. So VICEF year Arthasastha Memoris incident.
Julian, a fine of winter of the year 43 28 periods of the pit: he that was with the Jew by breaking; 57 5.
 TifriD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 Li b. force. 593.
ATifri fequens year was 337 6 4. 19. 4o3, Thursday, in September.
xv cycle Monday XV, XVI Sunday. Therefore the new conclusion of Elul.
Wednesday, August xv11.

Page 186


the tenth of November, day of the week feptimum, and nothing in the rest of the fupererat de o.
MB. So when even Friday preceding the absolute Moe.
inhibits, at which time the init It is a sabbath. Nchemiæ force, 15 in the world.
3564, Parthenon xiii Zygon advanced 4. 6. 57, September.
XXIX. Nabonassari 362 years, Payni XVI 1. vicefimum o'clock that.
Septembris, which was to end in Zygon, the feast celebration.
ta after the return of the Jews, except that, rather than Iofue son Iofedek.
tomb. Efdr.III. 4. This is clearly evidenced by Continental. 1 5. 16. 17 Nehemiae.
B Octobris force had xx 11 tifrum Oh & Taua axlwoTn% ας called nyy.
V111 Octobris, Matt tifrum, the day of fabbathi, by which the ciliciisinduti not walked.
funtieiuniis, and the seed of an alien from the feparatum.cap.1x.
1. The matters on the agreement by starting a new religion before God and.
worship and the observance of the customary practices. For haetenus pie.
defitu mixture of transportation for a long time period. Caepto.
that the work of the ramparts is xxm Tamuz, day of the week a fertile soil. A third vicefimum.
Tamuz, to twenty Elul keep nine days were 61.in which are :.
stripped out of 61, remanet 52 days after extraordinary foresight.
construéta enormous walls. Nechemiyah force. 15. This is why Daniel.
DC, 2: 5 By the walls and back and then be tightened fpatii season. Will be presented.
After this, Nehemiah said head cvltimo be returned to the rogue whom.
and much of it was promised to the queen of a very. Div. primo.6. Then he inserts ;.
XXXII Arthasastha return home in Jerusalem, who was a year of PE.
Rio Iulian 454o. from whom, and to the defeat of DarijadGaugamela, annifunt.
Isa. His killing at least mention of the cap. 1. 2 x 2, sub founded by Pope :.
have proceeded to meet Alexander, whom I congratulate the Victoria Nyanza, beak above the ex Io.
fEph above. Definant, therefore, velitari, that shall read this Artaxerxes, Lon.
giman they do, and had overthrown Darius, the son of Hystafpis him, it does not point went.
Nothum understand.
"EPILOGISMVS HEBDOMADVM Daniels.
confident which, indeed, do so to return to their epochas with the Fa.
cris collecting books. In fact, in the ipforum of the kings of epochis nul.
Heaven never in doubt for the first Cyrus to Alexander loser.
victory at Gaugamela. Now the whole of the crisis was, we delivered them to be able to facram.
fingillatim history report. He left grade A37 \ @ and work ,.
It appears that quibufdam, Hcrculcus as ego ccnsco, lcuissimus, Heb.
•. domadumi.
NH 1 Kings 50 times longer in doubt and finds Perfarum remaining 1% o e p h o s s c a 1 1 50 G E R L
weekdays Daniel's head and start deprehcndere. For the unfair A.
it is worthwhile to like the whole, by taking the ratio, so works, they play with a on her.
ignorance. All could count of all the errors, nor of my otijest ,.
, or for his place. And he made two or three, and with it summarily. Prime error.
their conquests, they make an end of those who were of Herod, the beginning of the Weeks, calumny, James,.
hi Patriarchs shrine: There away / € eptrum from Judah, nor read.
The lawmaker from the soles of his feet until he's 50 1 Oh. They want this prediction.
fulfilled when Herod αλλόφυλ% "will Idumæos born inua.
becoming a kingdom of the Jews, had been killed, the King Antigonus, the last chapter of the legitimate.
Hafmunæorum.Annus inItiJ stock in the period of Herod Juliana 467 5 :.
If remodeling the back of which 49o arrive at a fruitful year.
Cambyfis, 4187 But, what Cambyfes to the Hebrews says of Julian B., who is the periods of
weekdays Daniel? Do not believe, as says the philosopher, was intended in this bulletin board. Yes.
Seven what to do with the beginning of Herod Isa years to make restitution.
King birthday Messier? What else is this, than facra the prophecies of the pro pi.
la have, upon their fomno tell, it does not translate facra? Quidme.
a man who had so cenfeo, read it with patience, or who do these things? Others begin.
Hystafpis from the year of the ongoing killing of the Son, and the result of the force of ca.Efdrae, as they do.
send to interpret. Secundus for killing son Hystafpis year 4194.
 Julian is in the period. Therefore, the year 4.683, it is tcrmin 4684, or Hebrews.
weekdays, in the first Emperor Egyptian But the question.
nüs first Aetium Egypt did not refer to the meaning.
MADAS Daniel, this method fifteen years x 1 1 1 before the birthday of King Messier, c.
before the start of Herod, 1 thirty years before the same birthday. To.
lerabili of them, the fiction, that those who Weeks of remuneration, from the seventh.
ARTAXERXES longimana year, which was the period of Julian.
4 2 Hcbdomadum 56, and therefore the end of the year 4746, the PAF.
the bus. He was no whit from them, however, SUPPORTED faétum.Nam which the au.
And varies from Artexerxes longimana those of remuneration? For if he that Aria.
That is conduct, which sent Efdra VII, 6, an empty V 1 1 year N.
taxerxis start of this Hebdomadum catch. African and old.
The learned author, book fifth of the Times believe that teaches Hebrew.
weekdays from vicefimo year Arthasastha longimana, in the Kingdom.
Farum, that shall he thinks fifteen. In the first year period, Julian D.
4154. The year VICEF Arthasastha 42 69. The employment of fifteen. In which.
up to now is clear to him, the idea of ​​time. 49 years with 42 69 compofiti.
THE STAGES OF Iulianae 47 constitute the year of the 59, who was one of quadragefimus.
fextus year Dionyfianus Christ, vndecimus after. What does.
Mystery think this is the year of its passivity? No, fi.


Page 187

 But the same Africanus Jerome adds, on the turn of events.
Artaxcrxis longimana cxxcv cow was trapped Scdekiae. Leinster.
 • dumdum from E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 1000 V 51 B 6. 6oi.
A long cxLv. The fanci pcccat vfu idiotifmi, quiannum xx Artax.
by pitching, need to be taken Sedekiae cxlv, when this is the case, rather, and including the interval ,.
from the capture of Sedekia, to twenty Artaxcrxis, why do not, however, cxlv, and the year.
Sedekiae diverted trapped. But I do not know, how will prove to comment.
fuum. 49 years to the end of the Lunar fimplices Embolifmo, EOF.
The notion that a 47-year-old Julian was redaétos 5: The whole.
the same from year to year vicefimo Arthasastha longimana, or fifteen.
numTiberij.Nos & Arthasastha longimana 475 years from twenty to fifteen.
Tiberij interest, we feel desirable when only 47 3 absolute and 47.
Julian demand to 49 years in Arab dcfint menfes from the top.
who can. In addition, everyone knows, in those years vfum.
B hagarena, I do not, however, have been reported among the Jews. At last fifteen year, and Ti.
controuerfie fustulcritde berij said that not all the affairs of the week before.
From all these things, the sins are committed either way it should. Or some other source, than.
from the eDiets, they begin, or, indeed, from the eDiets; but not in the fecun.
I give the prince, who edietam it. There were three eDiets is imminent.
Random Temple in Jerusalem; And the three Kings ,.
Cyrus, killing Noth, Arthasastha memo. Efdra force. 14. For there.
= yw, in word, in the Chaldaean eDiets is called: that altogether do not fimplicibus.
was allowed to build up, or of renewal of the went up to Jerusalem, but of the fànétionem.
reasons. This is clearly a word = yb means. But from.
the two are pressed and festivals properties with the capacity of Cyrus the EC.
100 1. posed z. & VI. 3. killing of force. 11. Arthasastha has to answer.
Edie having a vigor VII. 2. We hear ipfum prophet. You know, the.
quit and understand, to restore and build the caepronunciatione ended.
ion at. Hebraifmus. Thus, it is: Know your attention and 5 :.
Edie about restoring the emission of Jerusalem. It can be dessert.
And um year, although it is like delusions exists among the older EC.
clefiasticos. A little before the beginning of the year, 49 ° definunt For to this effect be reckoned worthy.
Herod. which is already confutatumest. From the first Arthasastha Memorisanno.
The first games of the same year of the year, the Capitol, and twined linen definuntin mo.
if Domitian. That is ridiculous. Ludicrous much will fit on the year.
thereof, vii, xx, or it can be done. EDiets killing of the North, that is from.
D its ongoing year. That is to say out of those things which we have showed, it consists.
redebet, the one to be in vain Nothum.Nam skirmish with the DA.
Hum Hystafpis understand. We have shown that problem is.
Anniafecundo 49 years for killing Hystafpis definunt first year.
A & layer. Then, what is the most effective weapon, feptuaginta Iamis.
Before productive years for killing this year, the fifth and feptimi.
menfis institutions, which could save the Ecclefia and microwave.
of the person has nowhere unless beyond Hicrosolymit be instituted, vfu sacrifices to obtain it.
 , EEE Ecclefia6'o? E p h o s s c a 1 1 50 1 E x 1 ".
Ecclefia of radiation and is on probation, but by the end of argumentisautin A.
blazed Ecclefias, sacrifices and solemn celebration activities.
instead. We deem that no êelebrarint quod enim in lonely exile here, argumentofit.
tabernacles was at hand this be noble, we have xx in the year than the beak above the Artaxcrxis.
Memory celebrated the culture defitu principles not been fed, too.
forgotten. Nechemiyah VIII. 15. 16. Though once previously cc.
lebrate had been under Lefui the son of Iofedek. Efdra 3. 4. Rurfus Daniel a.
Nifanius fourth day of the XXIV eiufdem mcnfis fast. XIV If so.
fan he kept the passover otherwise than it. Daniel x. 2.3.4. In addition, Efdra process.
from the river of Ahava, xii menfis Nifanius, nor the celebration of the passover: will falter.
Unleavened bread shall be eaten, indeed, should not, as to-day, all the Jews do, & Sa
husband, wherever desirable world who INTYBI eating unleavened bread and B.
They call τααατί% y. Therefore there is no customary practices, or to fast in packing away.
lest the men have begun, but only in Palestine, the now, the altar, the bank, the & continual sacrifices.
into force, the institutions are. Therefore, Zachary VII. 5 By the how.
You can plangebatù in the fifth and / anticipated menfibus from here ammo / ?.
ptuaginta? Before feptuaginta years, said the fast has been instituted with it.
CfLem year, killing fruitful. The year 4194 for killing Hystafpis fruitful.
Julian is in the period. Seventy years remodeling the back definunt year.
the fourth, were captivated by Sedekiae, which there was no Ecclesia in Palestine. And yet.
In Zechariah said, and it was the year feptuagefimo II.
the institution of the strap, as on fasting, and in such a situation, that is, in Jerusalem.
by means of feptuagintaannos most widely published, and this is from yourselves, whom he addresses the Pro G.
ets. Quomodopotest should be given Hystafpis son? But feptuagin.
ta years back by the ongoing killing Bastard unravel the xxv111 Give definunt.
rij Hystafpis, at which time the Iudæinon they were in a better condition, and.
When they were still in Iraq, where the temple of God with this method.
to pile up, & was not lawful for to rebuild the walls of Jerusalem. combustion; time.
Fasting is established. Because of Angel at the same Zachary 1.


Page 188


Lord God of Hosts, quou / Mie norm / eraberis JERUSALEM, o w.
these bells of Judah, against which thou, now you are here treated of, and the year feptuagefimus? Or c.
cit that God does not miferari cities of Judah, which, however, to rebuild the permit.
Wherefore by their edicts of Cyrus? The interruption of work that he complained about D.
qug from here is a feptuaginta in recent times the enemy would sacta he was, how.
previously. Why Dariusis, cuiusanno ongoing edietam emitted from the.
staurandis edietam temple from the previous year, it say, Darius, is another.
by Darius, the son of Hystafpis. So Darius Nothus. Why go on.
quiunt, facicmus that the prophet Haggai II. 4: Gui, m.
faperstes three of you who saw this house in the glory of the FIA ​​prior? They fail.
however, you would see that there is nothing like it in the eyes AM Mon vefirù ?.
 . For instance, 500 E 1000 N 500 E A T T E P O K V 1000 1000 50 1 B. 6. 6o ;.
A In fact, from the destruction of the temple, and the case Sedekiae, the year has been rich for killing.
The Bastard, this has come to the Prophet with his finger wrote, flow of the year 176, who cxce.
The interval saved human life or a maximum. However nosrefponde.
the mouse, as well as from what was said that one could not be gathered from these words, Even to give to.
mum previous seen fuperstitem existed, but then accepted ,.
quasi say, O, if any of you seen the previous domnusgloriam it.
given that those two made it my aim, this, that no account should he do? Similein gospel :.
τίς ἐsa, i3 jpjj DV @ $ p & 7r, δς ἐὰ τςόέατι ἐν, ό άαῦ ἐμπάση%%; A rag.
£ ααν εἰς ß63vvoy, 8; 8% xegifir aJ, § 3) € ¢ This is the A3 and τυφ -3 jgj.
agσάα% ν εἰς θῶ $ vyoy law and Marcus entirely similar to that τίς ἐυ ζ υμj 'AJ.
$ P @ τ3), o a) ojrfia W @ 6 inches tjòς civi8. This is εἰ τυθ 'ύμύqός αίτηση ω.
DG B τόν%. This may be no better place to bring Haggar declaration ;.
But exediéto of Cyrus, to the fecundumannum for killing the Bastard, how the years had taken part.
1. Zerubabel cv, more or less, they are sent to eDiets & Iofua of Cyrus. look.
They still alive after years of CVI? What? whether it seems to me.
An example is the new vodka in facris history, human beings, too.
the people whom the Lord God just set a fuo in close formation, and Ecclefias mother, transcend.
oata thirty years? This obic and the ratio of significant importance to the fufpen.
the nobility fententiis our own, but not to the invalidated. Does not ho.
We say that twenty years of all his senses intact ?.
We nonhabemus mulieremgemellos to comply with the place of the miracle, and that, nevertheless.
TWINS see more scattered than men, He, exceeding the year.
100 others. Stephen Bungalow, a famous castle Lord of the mother.
My great uncle lived plufquam difference between the solution.
in captivity and productive year for killing Noth. Stephen is greater.
fexaginta old wife and daughter. He died and was left to Stephan nepotc.
from the son of the greatest of the age of twenty-five. We can conclude from here.
he was his age, I know not why, out of the living with the decederct.Quamuis mc pueruloe.
died, but the memory is still fresh in the Nitiobriges.
apudiuniores, who referred to him they never saw. whom if his prodigiofà lon.
gæuitas have not so far had committed to, was, however, eiustanta wisdom, so that.
His remembrance will be immortal ought to have been the name of him. Additionally miracle.
the tenth, which he would never house, fell sick, do not even, indeed dolore of the head ,.
500, or any other, ever, was tempted μαλακία. Man drank everyone.
Function, in addition to the hearing alone, the entire tenor of which for vlti.
the examples of the form of life, the end of the perpetuauit.Sed in may see the longæuitatis, who.
the bus is convenient, Pliny the force 1, and Phlegon Tral.
lianum. Two would not be surprised about Iofuc, Zerubabel and Nehemiah.
Obie and the ratio of longæuitate nothing. And all this span.
for those who are above the base. The scilicct, if the ISTC, Darius son.
Hystafpis, I do not, however, shall he who is to be Illegitimate s surname, the year, 49 •.
 Z o s e p h to see eius'6o 4 1 1 50 1 S C A G E R 1.
From its ongoing definunt consecutive year in time for the foreign A.
pofito, in the first year of Actium. From all this it is sequi.
tur, Hathirfatham the surname of Nehemiah, the son of Hecaliæ, that is.
the walls of Jerusalem had not repaired it, that that, I say, I will not be the same.
with the eoNehemia, nor of the same, whose mentioEfdræ 11. 2. to be with.
Hathirfàtha, whereof do also mentioned in the same chapter. 11. 63, Nehem. v11.
65. 7 a. For the restorer of the walls of Jerusalem by Nehemiah.
He came to the time of Alexander the Great. That would be the same thing Nehemiah fi ,.
why do we not also mention sacta eflc Efdra? Nehemiah son Hecaliæ.
Never before in Palestine establish pofuerat x Artaxer year.
by pitching their memos, and not like the Efdra make restitution before vii eiufdem of the King. But the head.
distinguishes between the thing and of Nehemiah, all the twelve of you, there are those who are of the exile of reuerfi ​​from Fe B.
According tartar sua That is especially the head of the bone blocks.
pertinacity. But now we see that at the start of Hebdomadum ipfum.
IProphetam: = Gin ria'nayr, na * * * Jeu be. All interpretations.
Then this is mind, so to understand the issues from the word reducen.
and while building up to. This is the moment of publication Edition and TI.
about restoring and building of Jerusalem. And Fane nothing else.
Daniel wanted. But the word AVR, with the accufàtiuum here.
• confessing construction will depart from them, and though the old records.
is made of modern fententia. Fifty turns to the integration point.


Page 189

 Modem or other agents, and Jews. Nosvero NC.
£ vvv avT us choose to be in order to rebuild, or can be integrated, Hiero, c.
Solyma, or so one would construct to be. For it is the Hebraifmus, of which the.
even moderately experienced the avv know that language, that is, to return ,.
to signify the things with which it is joined to the repetition of His Word, the. For anyone.
knows returns and build Hebrew name for the diet, with again.
"Plotting? So below rry aivn are returned and rebuilt, that is, go.
Rum rebuilt, Jews who once built, they testified.
Ti, and the building is the kings who is fincbant or bills are mentioned.
to return to the building of a to do, that is, to command a second time to construct. IGI.
t'yiv be caspiax ?, avri? na? The edietam conflruére command again.
At. Jews are called Riva? Evag. Returning to aedificans.
as long as, that is to say, again, that you have built. But the king is said to rSy Tinn, or D.
that the Jews would return to rebuild, IDCs, iubenseos repeatedly unopened.
abused. Now the king was he, as we have said, is the Darius Illegitimate s. And why not.
rather, Cyrus? For the year edietam few esseétu. This aw.
Likewise the full right to Hebrew Jerusalem and the Temple construen.
He gave the gods. Followed by Danielcm diuifio fexagin weeks.
ta two of the seven and one. The sum, feptuaginta couple of weeks. In which.
diuifionc mystery others are thought to be some of the spaces continuataefTe? vi.
primoD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. 6. 6os.
From the first edietam be considered desirable for killing the seven weeks afterward.
fexaginta here two weeks, the last one. We both deny. For.
a partition of these things Hebdomadum of nothing, they are deeply hidden fenfum man than this.
diuifio threats at 2 5 2 O, 15 x 50 V with ficl. 1 2 Ezekiel, which vanishes.
MA are fexaginta ficl. Continuationcm the intervals along.
this diuifione weeks that nothing should possehinc fcquitur, that the.
& Diuifio arbitrary as diuifio threats from Ezekielem stages :.
Rum intervals are in a different story this week, among other diuifione.
Per week. In fact, mention is made of Christ's Passion in the weeks ,.
Also excidij to. The distance between the age of 37 ,.
only. And yet, neither the 37-year-old is no mention here is made, nor of the 37 of the year.
B is the number fèptenarius, but above the five years since week.
You give. Do not, therefore, attention should be paid to partition, Neither hath this man there is no around.
forts continuation. For these are the Civil Law of the week he will not again, or le.
gitimum, that is, they belong to the past week sabbatical year.
Rum. For Christ suffered Estann fexto Hebdomadisciuilis, and here.
In the first confessing been deleted, but still was destroyed by the sabbatical year.
Nabuchodonoforo.Et temple dedicated to the sabbatical year and the year.
BURNT sabbatical. Fexaginta After two weeks, the seven and.
quilt, adding Prophet nai rvavi viagn XM: & fiuov áJoudáó * x%.
zrawa {tlu) $ voiw.Et half weeks, abolish / acrifica. They say.
the half of the week he shall fingulariae, the next of which mention has been made ,.
100 is understood to do that, as in the case of the article / H E. sixòς
However, current among men and peace grauissimorum this article in.
Phil does not öe / SIX, referring to the feptimana immediately beforehand.
sitting down, but indefinitely, one and a half feptimanæ. Note poverty fer.
Latin because of the lack of cavernous articles. The Hebrew language ,.
Greek, Arabic, Italian, Hifpanica, French, TEUTONES.
when he expresses that which can not be the Latin with. Example: A gods.
centefimam to lose control of the threats. However, there are diuerfa.
threats, before blood, and that indeed of all that is uneven. Nor do you know whether deca how.
Perhaps you have named for the next, you understand, that, or out of another and greater, or less,.
things. SiGraece I degxu) x% rude / ov μᾶς generally loquor.Si.
500 say òòς ίχα%; nude / ow * uwäs thinking of her, or that I am ,.
or get out of where you have to know that I had to desire to speak. Fermone in common, such as Italian, s.
liud estdicere, la seconda parte dumo / € wet one thing laterza the dell / U.
do. For showing nomcn vN v 1000, in general, and by the articles of the parties.
we speak of a finite, both in Italian fashion, which Hifpanica, in French, or Teutons.
cc. However Hebraifmus a wonderful phrase to construct parts of the fuo.
whole, adding that the article emphatically H E. MGS) Nova êxtMu.de / or {§.
Eφα, fextans to its Eifah when it shall fextans one Eifah.
 Rec 3 de6o6 • '' 1 o s e p h s c a 1 1 50 1 G E R '.
For Eifah front of any wrongdoing. Ezek. XLVI. 14. Also nºv% y A.
cing principles of e / 3 W to its Semis Hin. But he wanted to say Semis v.
genius Hin. For whereas before there was no mention Hin. Ezekiel 50 V x. 11. place.
sn ^ R ^ uyo daxotTMud2 Raf / ow £ όμες% Bd * y. Batum is the tenth part of.
to its Horner, that is, one Homer.Item ^ GST infer nntuy tenth.
a part of to its Homer, no more for every Homgr. However, this shining example.
• Exodus xxx. 3. A pear 1 yr ^ ίμισυ 8 oixX and a half to its Sicli ,.
that is, one hundred. None of Siclum previously nominarant. I do not want.
here are several instances bring them also, with the also very many works eiufmodi in Bi.
BLII facris encounter. So here yiym half to its twelve weeks.
The one and a half weeks are generally and indefinitely from their own.
Hebraifmi state.

Page 190

 The division of the week from B.
At Daniel's is just a half, is one of the seven, two fexaginta. Are.
the year 493 ;. The other half feptimana, running above the top.
feptuaginta everyone is so ancient as modern-sighted.
essugit main application. But we have it right asserimus5 & auétorifuo.
restored. In this way, therefore, to be rendered in French: La moitié dvmeßpmaine :.
but not necessarily la moitié de / pmaine on dicelle / € pmaime. For the salt.
The sum and was once impofuit. But if exprimengus the article ,.
He was absolutely true interpretation than the previous edition brought their gods.
midium feptimanæ Christ preached and a half fublatum daily.
sacrifice. For though a difiunéta fint tqmpora 5, however, the number of.
are connected, unless we deny the two femisses establish a penny. C.
This, however, is ioculare visum of many, one has driven my prioreminterpre.
tation read. Bordeaux merchant some Tolof journey ,.
journeyings sua think from the back, the seven feptimanas, sex business.
Bordeaux is given half the cost was going on, the other half of that.
on returning. Difiunéta times are journeyings and income. Search.
From there Handbook, those two half-feptimanæ all distances are not.
tiationes a fe that is separated from the number of coniungendæne fint, or not? He fep.
tem feptimanas he imagines that his journeyings and, for a return, not to impute & the lees of.
gotiationi or cxcipiet feptimi therefore the numbers for diuifa esttos.
ing? These elements are not should be reduced to shame. The reason why I have urged that they understand.
these, if the article H E / SIX ratio would have been no better D.
this account of Him to be brought to be able. How acute are these Cenfores !.
But they are worth. It is not our business with them. Now, the prehendimus.
The week from the start of the ongoing killing Noth. Also agreed by him.
3. beginning 49 years ago importance. That is, the year 494, is running.
This marked the end of the season by Daniel. The year is fruitful for killing.
429o bastards in the period luliana, the cycle of the moon XT. Then XIV to.
494 dendaanno the current method moon. Accordingly annus494.
CllIICnSD from E 1000 N 500 E A T P O R T £ 1000 v 1000 50 1 B. 6. 6o;.
From running a fruitful year for killing Noth, John is the cycle of the moon. For.
fanc the year 494, z 6 lunar cycle are finished. So many cy.
CLI are a fecund years for killing Bastard in the result of the time by Daniel.
defined. But let Daniel ipfum S E P T V A T A I N G 1 and EB.
O A 500 500 1000 500 E's E T E R N A T 1 1000 AE s vnt v P E R V P P O O 50
T o v e t s a n c T A C A 1 V 1 t t e t v A. This includes the destruction.
rosolymis in this space. So the seventy weeks.
With the definunt the downfall of Jerusalem, as himself are Danie.
le, in which a translator to its better? A fruitful year for killing Bastard ,.
"The destruction of Jerusalem, equal to 49 years; Absolute, that the books.
You can guess. JERUSALEM deleted moon cycle XIV. Already in place.
494. fourteenth year running a necklace or a bastard.
Surely gray. All the resort. The year is fruitful for killing No.
thi 4 2 9a. Add 49; absolutes. You have periods of the year Julian.
478. O Jerusalem, however, is avowedly the year outweighed cycle.
The fourteenth, Matt Sunday, to have books. So the start of meaning.
maDum edicts killing Noth, Daniclis be. z 5: goal ßdàvyμα IGN.
μέσεως. IX. 27. Matthew's great. 15. Marcus XIII. 14. Luke XXI. 2 a.
Adding, Po's 500 O T H E B A S S 500 1000 A 1 from A G N T A S C A 500 V ac.
500 E N T E R 1000 S 1 A s. The year of suffering in the period Juliana 47 46 :.
Of them up again if the year 434, which are feptimanæ fexaginta.
Two arrive at Iulianae 43 1 3 year period of the year.
Arthasastha fifth memo, which is third from Cyrus reply to So.
Trapas from Syria to renew Jerusalem, and fumptibusin facri.
Benefits templierogandis.Quare end any doubt Ahasuerus Memoranno.
v imperijfui copy of the writing he gave it to life: of whom at the time, vfque to the end.
fexti year, Efdra imposed journeyings popular fuis.Itaquead ap.
, prepared for the whole of the journey, in collecting the stuff, used to urge, vndicun.
which the Jews, there was need vtminimum the last two years. Seven other feptimi.
mæ what they are for, Daniel, nor defined, and I do not know the reason. But each.
beyond this, the dimensions will not be continuous, and above the show.
Jimus and the ipfa talks. From annoperiodi Iulianus 4 29o, an.
Patrick 431; , That is, the killing Bastard edietam to reply by me.
To him who remembers, how the years are xxiii, qui fuit far smaller than the seven of the week.
the bus and to be funtfeptenarij. Egonondubito them 49 to be free, that is to say ,.
epoch proofs do not, to which the referantur.Septimana, however, those places that are.
establish, in two senses. for either it is a whole, or of the gods.
uifa not quidemtempore, but of the cause. After an entire passion diuifa ;.
half of the second half after. But even that age.
be attributed to the events of that time, most desirable to look upon by the more cultured. My fate.
is to be, to have avenged these things from the tyranny of the writings of our teachers temporis, to their kings.
 4 Pers ee e, e p h o s 6o8 1 1 1 50 S C A G E R 1.
Facris traitors sua times in the books assigned the men Danielisex A.


Page 191


human refuted. Then 49 years of fruitful year for killing Noth.
the beginnings of the twelfth month in a year's definunt of Nero would, already at that time the Jews of warfare.
the sky with braying trumpets, by the Romans, with the deserting, and openly: and being set tempo.
in reality, to the destruction of the temple, there are three when He femisse of the year, of course, was only owing.
feptimanae joy that runs above the fummam 49 years Oh, Vt.
perfpicue shown. Reason for not having known epilogifmi week.
when he was born from the audacity of translators, who are taught a different purpose.
Weeks from the man whom, Daniel, sets up a prescriptive. Danielenim it clearer.
speaks as a child and be open to the weeks up to.
Rum is made terminate. From edietam then begin the restoration of the city.
anybody else, and in the fall definunt. Nor is the head of the Hebrew.
weekdays in the integrity of the state of Jerusalem is concerned, with the.
eiufdem them at the end of the city cafum and remove it. Do not.
and which has an probarc we can of them held council, who are opposed to the mind.
And not like the 5 of them, decide that any end other than those of Daniel, who are his adversaries.
fententiam Jeremiah fèptuaginta the old bus transport.
whereas another catch as a grab Coni'ah. It is not surprising therefore ,.
If these are our reasoning, that which is so easy a.
The words have excelled. Neither did we are only beginning a week from Fe.
Bastard launch the second year of killing, with many of the store.
give them the week the heartbeats. It mcdiocriter lætatifùc.
the mouse, when we saw them early Church the same with us, fentire. We, however, to the.
the interpretation of these things from our wars. Omniaex.
histories, which are of such a divine afpernantur, depromfi.
mouse: no kings rogue comment fumes. I will not travel impudentiæ.
we might say that Iefus son Iozedek, smoke Pope.
Jews, who presided over thirty years facerdotio happens.
was conducted according to the king, had overthrown Darius, the absence of which, Joachim his son reigned substitute for it.
Meanwhile, O & facerdotio years funótus father comes to. to which Germany is out.
liramentum, Ioachimi, after her father again with the Jews do.
tered funétum eight years, vfque Eliafibum to his son, who onions.
rit facerdotium to administer in the same year, by which Nehemiah Hierofo.
Lime has come. All of which are fragrant mcrces anniana and shop.
it lies. Therefore, our attention lufers, if no.
our earthly night work, or seek the truth from his enemy 's squeeze ,.
may obtain from them, or at least, to convert vt si do not want to be to the day of the week ,.
definant Faltia bedrooms. .
UN ESI.
D.
} ON E 1000 N 500 E A T P O R T 1000 from B. V 1000 50 1 5 i $ 6o.
A RESID 5 Temporvm And of P EIM planned beforehand.
A P S A 1 1 100 F A A A N.C.Q 5 1000 1 1000 1 R E P i
"CYvNT Analeetis and other times there are so few in facris how.
SÉ history. These are neither short space of time to disperse, nor a short time.
° ^ diatribis covers both the bus and the specific fingularem li.
bros meet demand, cuiufmodi equal intervals judges Ifrael, if that.
numerisannorum them talking, which figillatim in facris books.
are defined, by far the greater will be the distance between himself and the book of Exodus, to the formation.
Temple than 479 years solid, as it is finished.
fpatium from ipfa Temple history. However, this does not require diligence no.
Estra is before us doetè of this opcram territory. Quodau.
tem granted to them in the Seventh Days of Daniel, assume that the rest of the of metaphor leads.
Indexes of the experience of that kind, it can be vnufquifque, præfertim in the outer part.
history, I mean the Greeks and Romans. SedGræcorum diligence.
there is nothing left of his descendants made to the investigating the issue with the industry of their own.
it must work harder in the pore, the less it is. In the history Romanætem.
the ravages of time, from the palilia the first place, to the time of Domitian, that it perhaps does not.
an accurate wealth of expert attention, as some.
you do not fit (and thus some error), thus, not so much.
mistake has been made, so that the place is not the case that correction of the. But here would be to confer.
broad Aufonij, which do not all houses of the high they are, or to all of medicine.
cfieri possible. Ata Confülatu Aufonij, to the case of Justinian, all the pairs of Con.
fulum conferuata are Marcellin, with the help of Earl v. c. He vnicoau.
Réole from the posterity of a pact of the grace of a great little book. The torn from the beard.
ris the nations to rule, the nullarumgentium the wealth they were the stronger, and the government.
more enlightened and more, the praise of the war, there was a greater, than of the Franks, which in fact do not.
mo claims. But the origins of the Empire, and so shrouded in darkness that.
And veteran writers, everyone knows who it is reported today.
tat, except for one thing: Gregory Turonenfis, and that the bishop is.
brought out a lot of work and a fæculiillius and AB ho.
threats fault that much slack treats, and some are not straight.
omits. Still a great addition to him, the grace of the writer, who are in so great a neglectus.
500 history, intending to write these regions. Why no co o.
of appeal, to be feared, he did not want fabulofis Hunnibaldus set foot on the possef.
FIONA of that of the history of so arrange the Apostles, whom in the things that Gregory was silent ,.
{Èquutus is Sigeberht monk Gemblacenfis. Worthwhile.
fa seem hemorrhage, J Gregory the books that are supposed to.
in the other case. So, likewise, of the good of the writer, and the news from Gaul.
Well, my ability to earn her research.

Page 192


rij times shall I compare to the book of the acts to the fua, fated for forc vidcbi.
  £ art.
• 61o o s e p h 1 1 50 1 S C A G E R L
y.
France be the first book of Kings illustrating Anna A.
France 1es are corrected so that they are in this partcmultum mcndofi..
Since then tranfitus Martini they like to label and index temp.
Rum, the first time the excesses of the bishops discussed in this.
Profper, and after him, Sigebert, and, therefore, Gregory of ours is brief.
blind, which is equal to the force of capitc x 50 first book. Box.
disposed of, and the ongoing reign of Honorius, temples Martin Turo.
epifeopus behavior, full of power and / anctitate, allowing weak.
Many benefits Oh & # gefimo and Norway in the first fuse ammo, Epißopatus Au.
Matt Likewise, in Condaten / em diæcg% / 24. Departing from the street / breeders ,.
happily, he has migrated to the Christum.Tranfiit one in the middle tells Noah that the those at my home.
Crumbs of Atticus, CE / arioque Confuli. Inucstigemus cxipfius B;.
that were gathered at the end of work. From the first Decij Imp.ad |.
tranfitum Catianus Bishop Turonenfis, hence to think that this year or |.
DINATIONES Lidorij, thirty 1. forward to the appointment of Martin's age \.
XXXIII. alertness of a bishop Martin years, Matt,!.
menfes iv six days. Makes a total of 146 menfes 4, dies 27, who j.
If they think the first year Decij, who was 2 5o Christ Dionyf (.
mis Martin died after the year 396, Indiétione {nona.Sedan.
Arcadij less abundant and Honorij Atticus & Cæfario c o s s. was. Ì.
Dieties tenth Auetore Stephen Earl, this is the year of Christ.
397. So one year less said that after this Martini epi].
target died in the year 397, the cycle Sunday xiv version Sunday.
D. It was the week of November in the dark ELEUENTH quarta.Sed been answered.
Sunday. As the dccessisse the middle and you had no time and be.
the bird Sunday. The Sunday version of the cycle and consequently G. So.
the lawsuit xii, and the year of Christ 395. Noliergodubitare, but that the true will strike them out.
excess of that of the Bishop of the history of tis drawn from A and Martin had classed these, ipfum au.
Likewise hariolator demand Confulatus Cæfarij year and attics, and can be added.
Discuss the fuo. Therefore it is clear that Martin died during the year 395.quae.
historical epoch to be held, the fact that, as it were as strong as, computatioom.
Gregorianoruminfistat.Quam is uncertain whether any of the times owing to their own.
Thus the death of this bishop, indicates Sigebertus, quiaitfecundum quof.
Some died in the year 399, fecundumalios 4o2.Neutrumautem true. D.
Falfum go quodscribitSigebertus, productive Profp decessif.
J & Honorij.Nam Arcadij 5 years even though he Profper, however.
Arcadij & Honorij fifth year, that is, Christ 4oo, vndecima No.
uembris was Sunday. Profperautem he says in a small Chronieo ,.
The man Clariss. As in other days, our, P. published, dc as explained below. For the old.
Chronicle of the country code of that year c c c c 1 passing Martini |.
mcndosc noted that from what he showed evident. Added].
GregoD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 Li b. V i 611.
From Gregory, a passionc of the tranfitum Martin for many years.
c c cxn. The same number of letters is repeated as many fine books.
Which is why away. However, it was easy trespasses. Read a c c LX11 :.
362 years, 33 years, who made 395, then Christ adieóti Martin ,.
Bier year 396, as inferred from the end of the tenth. But it is false.
it has already proved that. But we agree that c c c lxiiis to be read, for the.
e c c cxn. In the book, the ongoing perfequitur beginnings of the French.
but nothing that is certain in itself, is, for the first, of the kings of Faramundo, Hlodionis ,.
Of Meroveus, only the names of the Hilderich forth that which is for a time of the Empire, and of them.
passeth away: perhaps you should, it's because no one definiuerat: which, however,.
falfum it. Profperenim Aquitaine flourished c 50 years before this Gre.
Egor. This two extant Chronicle. Eufebiano other fubtextum.
it is very short in the second eruditissimo P. Pithoeo I.C.nostro out.
diturn is, as already said, the end of the year adieétione Christ. fed in.
quibufdam mamiscriptis year Christiappofitifunt.Prius by pariaCon.
Fulvius was instructed to digest that is: the latter has the only feriem annalem rerumge.
Start. Huiufmodi more than two kinds of old-wits, Chronica. In.
digestierant Consult with whom was he, it, they were called the Confularia.Gre.
Gregory Turonenfis lib.ii.cap.ix. * Nam6in Confulares stresses, Theo.
dómeras son Ricimeris once the king of France, and 5 & 4 / éilamma.
pray to her by the sword interfeetor. And the rest, in which the Confuli digestinone.
they had called the Chronicle, such as that Profperi, which now Io.
task. The fact of advice Faramundus, Hlodionis and Meroveus no.
and Dad are the beginnings of, and she was able to know so much more certain, more closely into the abil.
Us seasons apart. For there is his Chronicon vulgare determines in the Cow.
fulatum Valentiniani force and Nonÿ, Lxrv years before his death Hlöd.
or a, indiétione thirteenth, he that this was the year of Christ 445. But the Chronicon Pi.
thoeanum defines the Confulatum Valentiniani VIII and Anthemij that.
They then match the year 455. France has faith matters.


Page 193


at any time fcquitur. The manuscript contains the code that Chronicle, e.
region of the year of Christ c c exxi, they read what was lacking in the PI.
Dthœana edition Jerome died at 3ethlehem, amNo Norway.
xcviil. The next year c cccxxii set: $ Olu this ammo.
sacta occur and yo. Faramund reigns in France. Already from ConfülariChro.
inico Profperi know that Jerome died Theodofio IX, & Corr.
stantio 111 c o s s. indiótio that there was a third, according to Stephen count.
v.c. And consequently, the year of Christ 42o. Descétio Sunday, then thawed.
sit in 421.quod true. For the year the sun failed xvil May ,.
The fourth cycle, Tuesday. So Faramundus start with.
gruit year Dionyfiano 411, not 419, as above with Sigebcr.
 tum.61 »1 o s e p h s c a 1 1 50 1 G E R.
then. That Faramund, it is not Waramundus to be written is done, it is not A.
instructions, and unless I saw a centurion of the Germans, so that learned men should quofdam.
rumors. in these environments is not. How could he have been able to in the W.
F divergence? What will you do M A R A, which is why the name of the Faramundo Compost.
as well as States, please contact the following from Paul, a Lombard. For the French »Gott ,.
Of the Lombards, the Vandals came Dialectus was the same, that is to say Teu.
tónica. The manuscript Codiceadannum c c.cxxxIII again, this.
they are read: the kingdom of Placidia, a rouleau double inflicted on herself to his desire. Hlöd rules in France.
Cia. But in the Chronicle Confulares Profperi: Theodofio x 6 Valenti.
niano c o s s. Placidia Augusta 65 Valentimiamus Ce / AR wonderful successfully.
John dearth tyrants who oppress € $ Victoria recipiumt Kingdom.
Indiétio to 111 V, according to Stephen count. "It is eratannus B.
1 5 4 Christ, not 433, as perperamanni Christiibi putantur.Ergo.
The beginning of the Hlodvvin, whom they call the Chlodion, stands out from the year,.
Only four of the usual 4 2 5. The rules Fara.
The world. Of Christ in the Old Testament, however, there are the code of the state of the Year, as the gods.
XI. For, on the land of the c c c of the year exxxvi, a noteworthy fact that the Vandals in the.
Africa is an overstatement. However, what happened in the year of Christ c c exxvii.
However, there are an error. At last year c c c 51 fubnotata.
are: Bleða Chunna King Attila, brothers hit upon whom the IP / E.
/ Approaches. But this happens indiction 1 1, Theodofio xv111 and white.
no c o s s. Chronicle Confulares as we have learned in the year of Christ.
c c cx 50 1. After fcquitur over 50 years c c c c 1 1,% Woua c.
springs with the East / urgit crash when / eptuaginta mom mimic the states.
Chunna spoiling waste, with many from the far west.
Only reinforcements. Meroveus reigns in France. This contigeruntifidi.
And urged XT, Ardabure & Calepio c o s s. Also indiétione first, Ze.
none & Posthumianus, the year of Christ c c r 1 1 1. Why CX 50 years.
Christ began Meroveus 448 starts, also exists in the Sigebertus.
This decisive aspects of these kings starting points. For the yourfcif.
fper Hlodione & Meroveus government this writing. And so, v t.
I said, its attention should be paid, not for their neighbors, who have fought some insignificant conieâuris to the.
ca investigation based. The Hilderico not be surprised if he noted.
This defines the start of a brief chronicle of the king. Consequently D.
their unknown and the things left for him. From the beginning of Meroveus to start Hlodouei or.
if they are XXXI. But if xx 1 v Hildcrico attribute that cenfeo region.
Moin, the force is only 1 year reign Meroveus. However haecine.
sure. After learning of the ongoing book by Gregory Huns.
(Which Chunni) some quasi brought in advance, then a draw.
'Order credence to the beginnings of the French rounds. So deaduentu Hon.
military vcrba doing so, writes lib. ii.cap. 3, then Sun foul condition.
\ R / 4ss ,.
 .
| 1} | 500 E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. 6. 61.
A rushes, so that scared from him or a third party itself. I believe that for as well.
TA * / rapid% essufione € / penalize immocentis, Sec. The fequenti head :.
For AMulta h "Re / t is the time) to Ecclefias attacking mentioned.
vltio usually given to God. The rcliq. It appears from our Profp.
ro received the first year under Imp. Marciani this fubnotat this.
the weather was very dear / erabilis £ eipublic "state appeared when you start one.
quidemfit from / strange people who inhabited province, oh nefarious Asians.
haerefibus, which shall be mationibus missuris, the teaching of Catholic faith throughout the world, the dif momen.
fufa prafùmat. You see when you talk about praefentia. For this saw.
writing. The first year of Mardan, imp. DCFE and the action was not so.
stamps, Gregory Valens seventh and Auicno c o s s.indiétióne 3 ,.
E c c c L. year defeetio what happened on April chapter cycles.
Luna xiv Sun x 1, Thursday. Itaquc year fequenti Gregory says.
In the provinces of Gaul that Attila would have broken in, the eve of the Passover, in the ipfa utterly wrong. It then.
It happened in the year of Christ c c c 50 1, indiétione 1 V, Marciano Ago and.
Adelphiam c o s s. The margin Chronicle Victor Tununenfis Episc.
i Torifmundi noted over the first year Confulatus Marcia.
• dear. He was the son of Theodoric, in the midst of the battle, however, that Catalai Torifmundus.
ncnfi killed. Why idem said Cassiodorus fue Confulares :.
M A R T A N vs. a 1 V and G. A 500 E 50 P H 1 v s. After c o s s.

Page 194


Auxiliary spell leader seized on sturgeon in the fields Catalaunian.
have fought, and who, by virtue of the Goths faperatus abßeßit. For the ad.
Of the assistants to the event of being informed of the Goths, the Huns, he abandoned the Aureliana.
assault, and, on the Marne river, the camp made a great impression, and has been rich.
was leading his army in the plains of the river of the town, the camp-Marne.
ofuit, to the place, which is Mauriacus it was said: where they are entrusted with the SI.
They bear a remarkable array. Why mistake in the fields freedom.
lofenfibus which Cattalanis is to say that this has happened. For.
And holiday events and nominalocorum resistant. Aliterenimcam.
piCattalani a Cattalanisbarbara nation Teétofagum private places.
mum, then Hifpaniasinfedit, O & tifunt5 otherwise Catalaunian Plains.
from the town parts of Catalonia. That is the error of the boy, and thus a very small business with.
Futa. After a long interval Gregory adds to the bishops of Gaul, of the quibufdam.
Drum & præfertim of Sidon Apollo Augustonemeti Clermont.
Rum Bishop, who was one of those things that at the time of his death fhmmi.
he speaks, we praeiuimus a year ago, which is leaving the investigation.
He said to his neighbor from the day of his death were, that they were the Lord's. But according to Eccles.
fla Augustonemetenfi (Cleremont call) agreed eumdecef.
Matt specific dates of August. Therefore XXIV was Sunday, the Sunday version E
The schedio old Cluniacenfis in quoeratscriptum the funeral ;.
was added to a prolapsed Zenonc power. Undoubtedly, therefore, that.
FSS Context 4 1 1 1 e p h o s s c a 50 1 G E R L
It happened amNo 48o Christ cycle Sunday XIII. For it is not videturan A.
no 486, cyclo Sunday six. For it removed too much time. The sche.
Do the epitaph is written, that our Pdhoeus grams ,.
a summa and the honesty and learning, we communicated ".
c. s o 50 50 1 1 50 50 1 A P O N A L S T 1 s 1 s 1000 O 500 1 500 1 I O N
* sancto contiguous fàcroque Father ,.
But he lives here in Apollimaris ,.
Renowned titles, powerful man ,.
Chest guard and abroad, the judge ,.
Amundus flowed cresting at rest, causes the moderator / ubinde movement B.
He gave the rage with foreign laws.
Toifeordantibus between the arms of the kingdoms of the.
Peace with / TROY back apron.
However, this inter & Philo / ophando.
scripfit forever / 2clis.
Σt poft such losses thanks.
Pope / £ Dems chair.
AMundanos / appoy'ted pours actions.
gui / Mie here while I pray to God, tears ,.
Pray to right / uperfepulcrum..
Wall% unknown, read the whole C $ €
There Sidonians will be invoked.
XII. Id. Sept.zemone Emperor. John Kal.Sept mentioned when.
Ecclefia Aruerni the first vfque old retains x Kal. Another.
He fiobierit Urn August. This has been the year of the 482 empire.
But, Zeno feptimo. It is not, therefore, be omitted for the demise was worth it.
Moria, præfertim with this notation are continuing feriemtemporum m.
pEriJ France. He died in the Sidonians v. Augustus headquarters ,.
After confulatum to its headquarters, Ft. Bafilio Younger v. c. c o s.annofe.
Secondly Hlodouei, as will be shown later, indiétione third, x Kal.
Sept.Sabbato. The death of Martin, an excess Hlodvvin fruitful p.
he calls Hlodoueum years to think cxn. also the number of those who do not.
marks, but with the concept reveal at Adonem Viennenfis as am.
Far end fufpitio error. Martin, for his death in Christ c ex CV ,.
supra so forth. Therefore Hlodoueus, fine Hldovvin fecun.
dm died in 500 VII. But I think yourfcif in the death of Martin.
c CX cvh Atticus and Cæfarea c o s s. This paetre Hlodoueus objects.
cit nine year 500, this is needed. Intertio Council.
  Amelia.
* • T. D. E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. 6. ό1 5.
!.
A Aurelianenfi, at the end the following: T) ie * Jomarum MEMS, third.
i. Fourth, the yard a younger man most of Con / ale, the year Hilde.
 Berti Matt Paulin 1. This was the fourth time Consult with lustiniano Cow.
fule, indiétione 11 1, and consequently the year DXXXIV, the cycle of the moon.
third. If Matt Hildebert Hlodouei year was the son of the third cycle ,.
King was sixteen eiufdem the first cycle, and so he began to reign.
in reality in the year 5o9, namely that by which his father had died at once. ConcilioAu is again fifth.
relianenfi to read the Council Aurelianenfe about five times.
"Pelagij Pope habit Fab day of February. Nouemb. in XXXVIII.
'King of the Kingdom of HUdeberti, indiction after Con / ilat Pau.
linseed year x 11. Twelve years later Confulatum to twenty Pauline V 1.
B & ti compound ADIC year HUdeberti year xxxvin Hildebert.
So there is no mistake, and Hurdles year dxlv Christ, indiétione IX.
So at the age of regnaf indiétionis notationc.Triginta error.
dicit.Igitur start Hlodvvin be fruitful fiuc Hlodouei or as Re.
migius, Hlodouici falls into the year of Christ 479, and for five.
After the war years, he has lived Vocladenfe; ergoillud memorable.
is fallen into the year of the battle of Christ, 5o4, does not, however, 5o8, Celer &.
Venantio c o s s. as some people have people conjecture that from Cassiodorus. There are Vo.
clade Castle in planes Piétauienfis territorij happened by vrbc P & TA.


Page 195


still retaining the same name, but P & Tonic operation distorted ,.
C & voglare said. Moreover planitics to put in some miles.
it is clear, is entirely capable of fighting. Why is it really is, and whether.
neare less so remarkable, so he designated as off.
, The French are able to persist in branding the writers of fuo. Deprehenfo of the year.
ccssus Hlodouei, to his children, we hold the introductions to the four, Hlotarij.
Suessones, theodericus Metenfium & Remi, Hlodomiri hearing.
Lian, HUdeberti Parifienfis Kings. It was nostcr.
Gregörius to have not known many, or Scien praeteriisse. For confufè am.
inhibits reports. The kings of the four great then must we, brethren, Hlodvvin of the fertility, fine.
Hlodouei son begin to reign in the year 5o9, to clear out.
it is pointed out, and after a year they confirmed Confulatum Bafilij.
500 V. C. indiétione the first of the year Hlotarium ruled XLIV years ,.
testifies Marcellinus comes. that is, twelve years after Confulatum Bafi.
fifty, which was 553, then his years of absolute resource Hlotarius m.
perauerat. In the speech, even when attending to our family.
Gregory had died vicefimo Thcodericum the third year.
I have been with, but his Theodebert, the son of the fourteenth, it is not needed at least.
confuetudine year ended flowing from the Latin, but Intel completed.
and accept. Because of the exccssu Hlodouei, adcxcessumThcodebcrti ,.
2 FSS control.
¢ 1 616 • • e p h o s s c a l 1 1 G E R 1.
think of years of absolute XXXVII. 14. Thus, for they make them with so many igi 3 A. z,
Theodebertus be Theuderici son began to have started from the year 53 z.
Theuderici son Theudvvaldus the year 546. IV. Div.
MX is Theudvvaldi King's death, and expcditio Hlotarij in Sa.
Xone resisting. Both of these, according to Stephen, it indiétio.
that the first year they P. C. V. C. Bafilij year 553 years.
So seven years of release. that he understands that Gregory from the vfu fuo of los.
and to conform with said feptimo year she died it is completed. GE.
555 XIIII belong to the head of the year, stand by, who was 14, after the Con.
fulatum Bafilij V.C. indiétione 3. See Maroellinum count.
sitnre reporting, Gregory recalls. XVII of success.
pertaining to the year of the fequentcm, Auetore Marcellinus, and, where wrongly B.
Christians read the Chramnus. librarij the voice command.
thought to be a short quasi been written chran :.
The stamps Christian. But it is from the ancient language of the Franks, and wrote.
100 Hramnus was inserted at the end. In the same year was 555.
be consulted together with the death of the King of Hildebert, Marcellinus, and out of the same: of which.
mention is made of the head of twenty, I will not adieéto of the kingdom of the time. Rules for joy.
1. Cap.xx be annosabsolutosx Lev, Hildcbertus dies. Hoccon.
v indiótione happened. Auetor Marcellinus comes. The year of Christ.
557. Accordingly, died in the Kingdom have been xlixs. For many of the Christian year.
STI 5o9 are considered. And so, Reet Aimoinus a monk, lib. 2 said.
died in the first year of xlixs. Following the departure Hlotarijrefertur, £ €.
I was in Spain and this is the absolute. The man who vfitata talk.
upright. He died in the year 56o. But what is the next thing.
Chramno took his wife and children, burnt out, this happens year.
XVII P. c. Bafilij v. c. indiétione force, that is, the year 58 5.
Author Marcellus. Among the XX and XXI, was interieétum.
Three years solid, Father Hlotario protection in fuccesserunt four ft.
fifty, Hilperich a Fredegundis, Suessones King Haribertus Part.
Fiore: Günthchramnus Aurelian: Sigeberht & Metenfium.
Remenfium, a Brunichildis, a Hifpanienfis, Wifigotho.
Rum fanguinis. The Hilpericke so lucky: Hilpericke P O T E N S ,.
/ Translator foreigner extent, a 500 V 1 t o r f o r s t 1 is the mo D.
men have. Barbara dialeéto that clear, that is, Teutonofran.
CICA, Hilperic be the same as A 501 V T P O R T E N S F O R fen
T: 1, which is true. Gregory said work at the end of the year to 597.
XX 1 X Gunthchramni, and Fredegarius year 6oo, 1 to work out.
iüfdem Gunthchramni. So he starts the year 568, or 56 9: a.
confequenter false to know that his father died from a year Hlotarium 5 6 a.
Lombard King Alboin again entered the Indian Liguria.

1.
A.
And tinned E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. 6. 61 ;.



I !.
.
Aindiétione rert beginning of the third day of September, this is the year.
Christ 569. Paul Deacon, author of book 2, ch. Matt: and the iif.
the same as long as the Langobards to Italy, inuaferunt, the same Paul.
£ Ribi, France, Hlotario dead king from his four.
diuifa to have been lib. the same cap. x. But he Lango is under a delusion.
dull, and more than nine years, he said. • passages tells KalendisO.
October, and the eclipse of the sun is so apparent that neither the fourth party.
in the shining lamp, and it would remain the same, but is horrible to poor color, almoft in thine eyes.
with the visum fuisse.Nouilunium could not touch the Kalends. Octobris.
At that tartar, except in those first 574, but can not be obscured the sun.
it was made: not to touch any of the defection of the Sun's. it was very strange. However.


Page 196


sit in the year 575, it will undoubtedly be confused with Sunday 57 4 years.
it is the case that, because I do not know how it came to Kai. October ,.
Since motion is depicting. It read Kal.Sep.
of September, it is not Octobris. And it's true. See, at the end of the fourth book, a trans.
Abefita Hlodouei, to the tranfitum of Sigebert of it was of Hlotario of a grandson, pu.
lot of years; 7 and 29, it is "Hlodoueus was 66. He died in 5o9.
Therefore, his nephew died in Sigeberht 57 5. Regnauit years XIV.
And so the year of the 56o, and He began to reign, 1, or 56: the same as before there was a solemn assembly,. And.
However, the government started it seemed 569 years. This is very difficulty for me.
exercet.Quod the Sigeberht King died in 57 5-established.
100 of the XIX, in which mention is made of the Emperor Justin is any slack.
He lost his mind because of the legislation would be taken up to.
focietate of Emperor Tiberius, Constantine's son, 57 6. But the year.
And further confirmed the XVII, where he had to note that year.
no doubt Pa / € of these. France, however, will in many cities, guar.
todecimo first of April / or phase and £ celebrauimus Others are verocum.
Hi / * • Bread, the first of twelve I / olennitatem held. E
HUdeberti rat year is fruitful, that is, absolute vtipfè radiation to.
speak. Accordingly, there was the 577 year cycle of the moon VIII: Sunday XXVI.
The Sunday version C. Easter term, xiii, the first of May.
Therefore, ipso terms of Easter was celebrated. That is very strange. Head.
500 XXV: 4mmo the third Hildebert kings, which was' oh Hilperich.
Gunthchrammi / eptimus nine. From this starting point it is confirmed.
Gunthchramni are not present in 569 »fed a 56o, you please. If an.
578 x 7 Gunthchramni Christ the mouse is released, that is, x v 3 ,.
(For he always talks), then 584 year critical xxiiiit indiétio.
I (ecundum. Consequently, the Council of TT Valentine's written straight out.
tat, im Council held city of Valentima x. Id. Iulij, Rev. 3 years.
Gunthchramni Kingdom glorioßßimi of kings, labor grain..
   FSS; Ini618 1 1 e p h o s s c a 50 1 G E R L
During the Second Lugdunenfi first $ ynodus live in the city of Lyon, A.
ammofextorgniglorioßßimi Gunthöhramni Pggia, indiétione one-third. A.
culdubio harvesting, the thirteenth of the labor force. And it was the year of the 565 ,.
{Outwardly flowing from the year 56o, she died Hlotarius and youngsters son Giinth.
chramnus entered regnum.Caput 29 "O 3 and books belong force adann.
583. Acts chapter thirty seven books a year, compared to 584 that.
He was decimusRegis Hildebert. Sedmira it is auétorishallucinatio.
Cuiusverbaapponam: And they which heard the angel of the walls of vrbu I have met them infia.
of Heaven is wont to dwell, they left the cart, and offered *, and the diuerfa hindrances, together with the people.
smaller robufiiores viriip / nm, sScum already Garummam tran / gone into / É.
quidjiinant. When they came to the bustle of the Basilica / ancfi the VIN.
centij, which is near the limit Agemmenßs of the city where the IP /? The martyr for B.
The name of the contest said confùmmaße. Vincent DiaconusA.
ginnenfis was beheaded estpro to Christ, in the place, which is called the Pom.
peiacus to the ipfum Agen, v Idus of Iune, and great was formerly included in its primal source.
the reason was: so much so, that thou perform all the temples of the old with the name of the Vincentij.
fecrata throughout the whole of Aquitania, Vincentijfint of this, it was not his Cse.
fàraugustani. But then fallen into disuse, his memory and his temples no.
a mini dedicated to the, to him, there are Caefàraugustano to have been punished by not knowing how to do so.
tion, and today the birthday of Vincentij Agen, and in Aquitaine.
not in June, but only in January as well-dressed. The lucky it thus: the top.
fùccifo took her, who proceeds from the death of the triumph over me. But he Caefàraugustanus in the.
three times the torture left him, and the testimony of his wisdom, of his popularity. So you want this c.
centij Aginnenfis the name of the Basilica, not far from Lyons to terms with conuco.
the backbone of the, at the valley Capraria, which, here, too, yearns to me, of which the Basilica.
minit book miracles, the head c v. Valley Capraria off.
Aginne plufquam the way, is a four days, But Gregory are wrongly counted.
Aginnenfis been understood as the border of the city. But it's miles.
the defumpfit, itascripferat, militesGunthchramni King burst in.
Basilica utterly wrong Vincentij, FITA to the a city of It is true, he that mar.
tyr within the time limit for the name of Christ in the city of Aginnenfis agoncm.
confummasse said. So, in the end, it had been written by her and tie.
war, which was between the army and Gunthchramni of the King, & Gundobaldi.
happened. Why is our extensive Gregory. Aimoino D.
it seems that smelled like about the vice. Accordingly, in another way tells what was, but there is such as appropriately.
bare, rather than the issue seems to be decided upon. That, however, is anathema.
584 mis of Christ, agreed on by Appendicis Russia.
næ, is Fredegarius fine, fine person, that these events contributes to the arts.
whether Gunthchramni xx 1 1 1 1, and the second fynodo Valentina ,.
supra demonstrated that it was the year of Christ 584, indiétione be.
metals. This one-year program should hâve, because the noble city of the Lugdu.
Inl1I11 * 500 from E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 5 B. I. 619 :.
.
.
A whether he agrees that for many years with the Roman empire.


Page 197


the remains of a temple Bertrand, whereas today fedes authority to con.
struétum was. State prove its durability and fplendorem no.
nimentum & Épigraph quamplurimæ presented there today, more.
Rum part encoding from within ourselves. But it was Colon.
Romania. For the Ptolomæi books and manuscripts read :.
vwøîoflé; δ τí IIvgfiy, Koueá0. Ko) 7ráÀug αυὰ} AOmTAOmNOmN.
Ko ^ ®) IA. The voice Ko ^ ®ia lacking in excuforum. Two Lugdunenfes.
Colony were in France. Lugdunenfis concentrated nine.
populaniæ and Lugdunenfis Segufianorum, we derive from L. Mu.
Βnatio Planeo, then by. Claudius Caefare diet was 50 o C on 1 A.
A c c o P 1 50 5 500 1 A A A A A 50 5 5 G 5 G S O 500 vN 5 Marcus Auote five.
Vienna, for the inscription between the frankincense, and the iFart and the Confluence of the Rhone.
For this reason, there is nothing in the Gregory, which has our own diligence, that he demand a ,.
vfque to intermediate IX. In the treaty between Gunthchram.
Surely, and the king Childebert year HUdeberti fourteen sunk to Christmas.
STI 586. Libcr nine starts fifteenth Hildebert King.
year, and says that in the year preceding famous flood happened since.
Pope Gregory the right Dialogue 3, Ch. XIX, visited.
cient for about five years before writing dialogues fuore.
inundations to defeat it. It is true that time too.
cpor Pclag Papamobiisse and Gregory eiuslocum bright :.
Such was the year 59o, indiétione o'clock beginning from September :.
The first ordinance, which indiétio Gregory, as shown in Episto.
seagull was comprehenfa it. Therefore year and Hildebert King.
He was 59o or 589 of Christ, it might also be in Sigebertus. However.
Understand the year and always absolute. In fact, so to speak, this Gre.
Gorium disclosed supra. The vfu is telling Latin, is or was.
XT less fluent HUdeberti. The fifth year of the ordinance fuse Gre.
Pope Gregory began to write dialogues disciples; fiquidem from the cladcs.
of which it happened that a short time before they are ordered. Pay ,.
Gregory talks about things like death, with this in.
500 storiam write down. The fact that he said frenuitas food was great.
Also, the letters are so instruetis. Talking about the person who is already out.
formerly was a living presence, and yet the fuum closes to its fifth year.
Gregorij. Here, too, what I should say, I do not know, so disturbs the vfque here.
auetor in the context of history. X denotes fifteen year head Hildeb.
TI and nine Gunthchramni. The head of XXIII, this was equal.
words: Dubietas Passhe was due to the fact that in the cycle of Victor moon XT.
 4. Paßha6 E ss 2 1 o o s e p h s c a 50 1 1 G E R 1.
Pafeha / RIPFA be $ ed Christians, as Jews, under this, "Lu A.
ma, they should celebrate the solemnities of these things, he added: the Latins, however, the Moon xXIl. E
rat year cycle of Christ Dionyfianus 588 lx Sunday, Easter.
XIX. The border sixteen April 1, Tuesday feptimi. So could the.
celebrated on the Sunday fequenti's cubes xvnI April, Lu.
na fifteenth. However, the celebration of Moon Rev. 1 "is Matt.
April. There is a remarkable passage, since we are often as the incident.
And he that sat on the Sabbath, the celebration of the passover otherwise than in the degree next fequenti to the sun.
and $ fed in O & despise the day comperendinari. The most recent writing.
ptores does not teach us that we will know. Pete, but the cause of those things.
Hippolytus scripfimus to the rule, the next book. Follows: the Earth.
there was a great XT 111 (at. men /% of the fifth, fourth day of the first B.
in the morning, when the light to return after that. Gregory at this year Eccles.
fiasticus starts from April, which is a very ancient custom. For that reason menfis that.
Augustus is given; menfis oétauus, November. Nor is said Matt.
Menfis the first, fifth, but the first, second, third, fifth menfis.
Why, if the custom, by Kai. & Day and the first day of menfem.
mum, fertile and third believe will not be here x 8 Kai. menfis.
ipfas the fifth day of July. that is inept. For while one saith, xvnI.
Κal. Of Augustus, on behalf of the Ides of July? So undoubtedly read ,.
Matt menfis fifth. In fact, I in the year 588, as we have said, there was a cycle of the.
Sunday be. Augustus was just eighteen, on Wednesday, that shall he wants. A.
git: the sun Eclipfi by means of a bore mense in the eighth year, and so has his lumemc.
zminuit, that I scarcely, so far as the horns of the fifth, of the moon, keep it, for thy light.
them. That means oétauo menfe, that is November, and joined the action.
the lights of the & Eclipfis become of her, that this was not possible with tartar of wine ,.
unless the cycle of the moon nine. It turned out igituranno Christ 597 where Fane.
The sun failed XT November, that is, that shall he speaks through an Oetam.
UO menfe. It confuses the year 588, in which no doubt the.
was XVII Augustus was a Wednesday, since the year 597, in which EC.
Lipfis happened on November XV, who also work at the end of the year.
Pope Gregory was the fifth time when it is entering his eighth.
Great. So we see this strange delusion's which follow.
li formal and in other locations. Sigeberht badly this Sunday defectioncm p ,.
contributes to the year 596. Before we know nobody has huiusau twine.
& Tori explained, but do not realize it. Subieetum for the work.


Page 198


Decij in which, from the first, to the tranfitum Martin, Reet has the Epila.
gifmus. Hence, admitted to ordination to its Gregorii Turonenfis, all things.
they are in great distress, to its own fault, it is not the copyists had been. At the end of the book productive ,.
King writes tranfitum Hlodouei incurred year vndecimum.
LicinijD E 1000 N 500 E A R T E P O R V 1000 1000 51 B. 5 i 6.
A Licinij Bishop. But here in the catalog of the bishops, from the tranfitum Mar.
, have entailed, to the vndecimum year Licinij, they are gathered of the year 13, O, unto them that sold.
two, twenty days. Then a tranfitum Martini, that is, from the year 395 ad.
tranfitum Hlodouei, 5 2 5 years are yet shall he died in 5o9. By virtue.
des ci * aiay. From this fact, so Sigeberht year Hlöd 514 have died.
you will acknowledge to say, and yet others be stated. And do not the error you might think, from the tranfitum Martin, to the.
be broken through the organization collects the age of 184, as shown in dinumcratione.
Why this has been ordained in the year 579. So, the writing ,.
Gunthchramni to terms with his work was XXI to its ordination, that is.
598.eumque the fifth year of the ordinance was Gregory Indeed, oh.
So was and, as we have already said. For Gregory, was ordained a year.
Β 59o, indiétione vttir definente.Igitur mistake at the end of work in numcr.
ns, and 4 tranfitum Fane A4artimi, V / Mie admemoratum / aperius year ,.
That ef, the orientation of our first and viceßmum, which was Gregory PA.
p "fifth Roman, Gunthchrammi Kings XXXI, Hildeberri younger men.
XIX, c years Heard. The enumerating the old catalog K.
Piscopo, Legend C Swimming. I do not know, wonder whether it comes ,.
xxix, xxxi Gunthchramni for. But there was no consistency in the hoco.
pier stock. Love the history and the truth, so auetorem.
for the sake of the thing, which he describes in detail, the more this is necessary, rather than to a delightful, this.
effort, like the story of the ancient kings of France, the mendispu.
Prior than previously created. In our example alijexcitati chance.
c properties modern history idem study foundation. We will not leave me.
bird nor the French have a more ancient history. Before.
And for several years, showed Appendixad Gregory, of which some.
auetorem say FREDEGARIUS. In the appendix there are many excellent ,.
in another place, which was not by chance that usage. What is Sigebertus, and others out of five.
They betray the spouses tustiori the kings of France, in many respects, praefertim on the grounds.
of the times, work hard. But, no one in the whole of that appendix charaeter oc.
is running, there being a conclusive of the kings of the intervals was able to come to an end. In fact, it was that men ,.
which of them was among fupinitas, if more than Eclipfin second duration, and not only the day ,.
but also menfem, and the thicker the year, and often fail.
Dsolre fight to Vinciacum in the village Cameracenfis day and year.
statement, which was 500 c Heard Christ, to think hodiea Kalen.
January in the gods, 500 c, and those below quadragefimam vfque exvii to the Paf.
Cha x 111 first of March, which was Palm Sunday. Analytically.
Besides, the year of Christ 500 c exxxv Rev. Charles was known as Ta.
fertile flue Martel According Aimoino monk. She began the king.
France ruled twenty years of solid matter in the year 717, Auetore Frede.
gari. therefore died in 741, the cycle of the moon six. that is true. For.
was an order of the Easter Vigil this year, and was troubled, auétorc codcm ssdssig.
  QGô o s e p h * 2 1 1 1 50 S C A G E R 1.
that is, some menfe in March, some beats. May they celebrated Easter. However A.
Aimoinus year and 741 have died stamps, so no room for doubt.
The year was memorable battles where many thousands Sarraceno.
Martel are in the levels of non Caefarum Turonij competency of the year.
Christ 7 2 5 Charles Martel was nine. Bede is clearly taught.
saying of those who at that time he liued that these things shall come to pass. Ammo, he said ,.
feptingentefimo vicefimo fifth, this time a dreadful Saracens.
Gaul bane of my / era murder, destruction, and IP /? not long after, in the same place.
uincia fitting / 22 trechery pænas unbelief. Nonigitur 73 years Oh, Vt.
Sigeberht wrongly, as the many other disasters this happens. Surprise.
His country is still a recent memory conferuare like.
The place is called St. Martin is cute. The year began Hegirae cvh p.
During the year of Christ, Rev. May, was Saturday, cyclo force Sunday, Monday iii.osanna.
dccxxvi reality of Christ, without any doubt, the battle ,. it commissumanno
Hegirae CVI, fexdecim years after the leader of the Muslims Mofe son.
Nutzir have crossed from Africa to Hifpaniarum. Auetor geographies.
The Arab Museum writes that the lees had a very good energy.
the house of the governor of nomine Tarka, or Tarik, of which, if he endeavor Jn. Lion.
in sua Africa. Straits next to the mountain gods and burn the Gulf.
Gibala Tarik or Gibala Tarka. In fact, when he was speaking of the vrbe ,.
which calls ja =} = §jj Infulam Chadha; ,% = $ Fubiicit ';.
S.SI AO JIOS G) = ^ & • c) O & JY) y * e '.
} * A * Gy? q> <3 lg = O]; §} *?) Gy ^ ° "5" $ col Q3 CIS.
Jy)] 3% G *> * "J \" c e> c 3) to "* •; * &% Y \ i ^ \ ^ 3 G ".
100 <= US] άλλό • J] 5]} * §] $ \ "Col J = ^ 9JJj Osl3« «».
}}} Syjδ C3., S Prime among these Cities / Spain FUBAR, decorations and a ef force.
ridis, (that is, gezirath alhadra. £ Oderigi. lib. cap.X 1 1 1 1 x.) initially.
AMußulmanorum (ie, maßente religion Muhammedicae) and whether this.
mo nonagefimo Hegi. autemfùbegit privately Mo / Son% \ Wutzjr exge +.


Page 199


Mu Renathai holding / horse burnings barbarians. There was, however, this is im D.
Fala First City, which at the time was subdued subjects' ré're; o \ = 3.
"C3λιοςScy) \ O <**" ••• • 3% c) \ b o *> le bone.).
B) & • ** • "• A 5 * \ *} y'3 and" k) bone bone.
d) »= '] log. JyX. <S3 c. Now that fequuntur.Applicarumt to it.
From Gebal, Tarik (Mount Tarik.) Alcohol and Gebal Tarikideo that.
   TarikDE E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 Li b. 6. δ:;.
A son Tarik Abdalla, son Wenemu Remathei after he crossed / ?.
When was the Barbarians, oh bulwark / £ /? inside this mountain, Sec.
It would be tedious it would be all things to attach to. He says he muniuisse this man.
tem, &, to prevent the barbarous people were in flight, and be deprived of the bare auxilij ,.
of your attention, so that all the ships, which they crossed, cremarentur.Quod fa.
And below them. Roderigo reads 100 §y) \ oh by the PA will not c) \> by Raph.
calls for Tarif. . Traieétum Tarik and Tarif said that this happened.
Hegira year 91, menfe of Ramadan. 500 c 50 air fed to the air.
500 c cxux. 7io year. For the Muharram 9 Nouemb.
In the year of Christ 7 O 9, was Saturday, cyclo @ 18. Blow Ramadi ,.
July 3, Thursday, 7 lo year. Not to be missed are so highly valued.
the history of the matter, no one becomes a angle of this side of the præfertim Danu with in Europe today.
This parable and the Rhine, to which it has reached that the pest thought quite differently. Will be presented.
Geography is no mention of the words Arab faétionis Maravvaniun. Expression.
, therefore, Studiofi, Abaz had been his uncle, in the Muhammedis, and in his stead.
genius and said people had been counted yet Abaziun. To them.
the right to Califatus business, on the blood of others who are near where it stands Muhammas.
den applied. However, some of the first Maravvan Califatum from it.
nation for the FE and the care that Maravvaniun been said, is deported by ts.
occupying or, if he is made an object of hatred in the name of all the Muhammedano.
nmen Maravvanin vfque to this day. Muharram the year x c.
Hegira began on November XIX, on the fruitful year o8 7 ,.
Sunday cycle xvii force of the moon. See how great they were, or who is in any other.
Christ whether it traieétum property. It happens all year.
7o9. This is big Sigeberht monks Gemblacenfis delusions ,.
who have reached 2 O 7 fubnotat, the Muslims from Africa, the leader Habdirama.
the son of Muhamae wonder at, in the Hissamiam have navigated, and which fell upon Vin.
alicant. So Wifigothorum Kingdom and the Swabians defruéfum, Sec.
Confounds the traieótum Saracens Hifpaniae with persons.
send an expedition to Aquitaine, when they are fuji Charles Mar
Teller. For the leader Abdirraman (g ** J> e) campaign is unfair.
DAquitaniam they have committed: Mufe, however, under the leadership of the son of Nutzirin Hifpaniarum ;.
Andalus had to call him there. I forgot that leader.
Amir flue Abirrachman calls, under which many thousands of Martel cæ.
pa This was the year of Christ stamps under 75 o mendofe when it existed.
2 5 7 less so forth. These have been the origins of History of Fat.
France, shedding light. Perfequentem reinforcements from other desert.
ancient writers, seek, then, that we have and the more expensive and gods.
ligentiores. , •.
REGES624 H o s e p h s c a 1 1 50 G E R L
R e e s F O R R A N V 100 1000, conducted by QyoRvM.
N. Illinois 1 1 S G A B E G O R R E P 1 1 1 1 OP 100 S O N T E R N 5
s 1 s c o p r e H E 1000 N 500 vnt VR.
treatment. Hlodvvin first and Sidon Chlodio, profpera.
Chlodius5 the gross afpiratione from the Dialeéto of the ancients of the Franks.
write. Merouaeus. Hilderich, gross afpiratione. Hlodvvin.
fecund Cassiodore, Hlodovvæus Gregory Turonenfis., hlo.
dovvicus Remy, XÂ®d) oj® Agathiæ, Hilderic son Mero.
uaei rake Hlodvvin first, fine Hlodionis succeeding generations, Fara.
M A r am vN 500 vs: that the nomenfemper by F, not by means of Ph, to be written.
the world's grandson, the first Christian king of the Franks, a HloP.
Ariane Burgundy's daughter. This four sons: Hlotarius ,.
Aωτde /% ^ Agathiæ, Suessones King. Theudericus, Θεοσέωχθ •.
Agathiæ, Metenfium & Remi King. Hlodomir XA %% μjg®.
Agathiæ, Aurelian King. Hildcbertus, xe ^ @ όρεgr Agathiae ,.
Parfiorum King. Thcodebertus, Θωυρsgr @ Agathiæ Theodoric.
son Hlodovvaei nephew. Theudvvaldus, Θωδίραλόό Agathiæ ,.
Theodeberti son Thierry rake Hlodovvæi pronepos.Hlo.
tarij four sons: Hilperich a Fredegundis, Suessones King :.
Haribertus gross afpiratione, Parfiorum: Gunthchramnus Au.
relian: Sigebcrtus a Brunechildis, Metenfium. whose son, the.
Hildebertus.
IOSEPHlI o s e p h • 1 ,.
S 100 50 1 A G E R L
4 50 1 1 1 100 AE S A R S F.
ABOUT.
1000 N 500 E E E O N A T 1
E P O R T 1000 1000 V.
50 1 B E R T S E P 1 1000 5 St.
V O's age, for example, and when the stern.
the popular and the gift to him, have framed, four as a result.
sort the books we explained fequentes.
$ Interual of how excellent season.
| la plenty of reasons detecting years.
$ Annulled. What is now in the early years of civil war.
§é} bus poster invented desirable that some of them.
£ $ © § § 9. The method would forward it. She is me.
thodus from the Latin Co AVCN vs. 1000, by the Greeks J Qiau), ie $ § 3 fig.
Cελήνης ἐγdicitur, aIudæis unless> y yo, this is the mystery embolifmi.


Page 200


A push genitura: feceritfàmmam matter how calculated, so ,.
From Horo / innkeeper, beginning with conféquentia divide / signs. Nor once.
This word Finnicus vfus at the time of Constantine the Great, and ii.
His children lived. In a more ancient that the Word is not the writer of the law ;.
It is time to menfura Heaven, that is, the cuiufdam faith of the damage.
punetis air, adidempunótum, conuerfio. Similarly the Moon conuerfio.
1000 E N S 1's said that Solis A N v s. In the years that reason alone.
fcquitur components, such as a moon menfium natural that the first diuifio.
compiiti compare my annals, one in which the two parts of the method of diuifione these things.
that is, each Sunday, other accounts belonging to the moon.
Loser. A readily available is a circuit years old, who from that reality.
The cycle computer is called only Latin, Greek, however eixoaio; £%.
Thek a number of years, namely, from which it is made. From the accounts.
Munday is produced year period, which is called by him to trust us.
the cycle of the moon, but in a number of years, and * Ad'e.
xzethgis. The third part of this belongs to the doctrine of the Catholic of the times :.
Gentile calls the Computatorcs as part of a $ ¢ w x £ 6ό έ όμασα ;.
Ggg Neque6 1 6.
E p h o s s c a 1 1 50 1 A £ 1.
3.
At no other exploits in teaching this doctrine, fpeótatur. Attempt to A.
read this book, we shall all be the case of all of the nations in the computer.
consulted them, but for the principal: all things visible, nor, but, the best of.
, Left. However, their chief, was the first to be in the time of the Jewish.
, Calculator everyone who today vfu ing artificiofissimus e.
kgantissimus.
• vii IIb, YP VP ^ ';.
$, V oty> $ X and VII a VA man ,.
it = "p'jr, x and eight niyû.
• yjv "5% W h wnn iya '; the boat.
cpyn ynfi niyw hbsp ;.
nioivsà dyv ά ηΖin niir ?.
R y f-iny.
SIII tumors ^ iinpui NYP naVj.
y Dynum vi'rj vijg% by force.
scynaö vi'iy viij.
sxxvn A & p% ^ sub y vj.
II v ngvb ruv Yip.
<Ynn n i.
iisy nyf. Hyye.
: Ùepn n> m.
n% n% v y iinpinio.
If \ xbn w a.
; i i $ $ $ nn 'in.
of the Nyaya nbv RPNN the boat.
nyin nay - y nprn iyn;.
t * i * m * of.
* :; n 'ails niinentus.
; m \ or r o.
; Fi from a men pry \ n nnb.
S5: - ca * v ** In nnio.
3 |>} NOS.
p.
* 1000> n y> x'ia.
Fla. •. • • V. .
V * ^ y jib YY%.
eyy) ^ sub c ^ iine rip.
: IB% 1% * j yg.
n »the inn i'io * ;.
** IGN jib 1 h XXni.
prœlum * TB YP ';.
uy ins vjri yib ainyo.
Yip J *% YY TIY vjn.
VY.
:.
G.
YB.
j.
3.
$.
#.
8.
1 C.
ISP IC 1 LEGHVM. COMPVTI.
29. 12. 793. This blade is 19 days. 12.
horarum.793 fçrupulorum.
JMnnus carriage 354.8.876. This is 354.
äierum.8 hours. 876 minutes.
The cycle of the carriage 12. The joint 19 years.
& 7 embolimæorum..

The year embohm "Us in the cycle 3, 3, 2.3,3,3,2.
That is, three times, three times, I sailed. Ter ,.
Three times, three times, I sailed.
Excess Menfis feptenarior supra, p. 12, 793.
Excess J4nni of the common fupr feptenarios,.
4.8.876.
Excess aiin embolimaei fipra feptemarios 5.
5, 11, 589.
Excess Cycli carriage fupr feptemarior ,.
2. I6. 595.
Mouilunium Tohu, 2. 5. 2o4.
1 i
1 3.
13.
I4.
5.
1 6.
~ Fnmus Solaris 365, and a quarter of the day.
Excess Sunday above the lunar year ,.
Yo. 2.1. z.o4.
Excess Cycli Solaris supra.
Oh. I 485..
Excess Tohu Solaris iv. zo. 2o4.
Excess Menfis Tekuphae Oh zu.
827 ,.
Moon ;.
1000 E T H O 500 5 St.
 c o 1000 Pvt 1.
Adsciendum nouilunia tifrum.
Excessùh take CJCL and old ,.
He passes. Coniice all the smoke.
fuperis nouilunia fiëi: Cast all things.
feptenaria. Moreover% nouilumium forms.
To understand nouilunia menfis.
J {diice nouilumium menfis vmius ad.
mouilunium propofitum produced mouilunium.
fequent. . •.
Adscicn.
500 E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 E. 7..
62.
A inujn ripipn YY:.
* ^ Jnisgj iinpinibj, London.
Henry jiyr, ço 9> bi ngipn.
rmgn Wye imh nnio.
nytjyn *> jºrum ,.
Let ijio P'in riyv% y.
riyn ngipn For sgiim.
: E32, 12).
** fiigniineam rtypº ,.
i> ibiy nQwg v ^ Hn q, np.
p5 Hwy seventeen, 5 Aspp yjv.
rminü ^ sty FB%> now.
Iiyn% ^ iine nyui town n5 IP.
A thirty ibiy ■ St ;.
jiopn niiripa fnrpa YP.
ύ'i> 'Gen. i fiop bºs $ y piyn.
* A n MiB peiy niine boat.
T CO INA p, y mfisv fivpm.
VR gypym nyy YY%.
* N svyo% iv iypbi '■> $ ch.
Fi? PA * nsstt ngymnyu.
100 n yap * ** p>.
fig II viof R givs iyg.
IIH v> n NYP Ryu.
: Yxv 'ix ins.
tihij Bip; n.
T = "Pau £ 2 frame.
* ^ Y nus ​​obpn to gain.
tnBB Ila's syiy%.
* Nyy IHI's cyiy%.
VSN to Arymes s oyiy ,.
t = "ultimate III N yivº ;.
Bubble CI, iii w oyiy ,.
graphically Nºn HÌ Nºn Ja s) pjiyj.
iEywv a nf *% I SB ,.
** ** ayâ Ù) in the S * P * y ,.
JGY men, FIVNT pi byiy%.
Lest $% v jivwv -I am.
|.
ri.
[2®.
>).
§ 8).
>) Y.
D.
I>.
in …).
Y).
3 -).
n).
5 ...}.
ῦ.
N ').
2 ".
a * ,.
 5).
In CCL% vcov ol niyisu dyiyy'n.
Oehler, Nym WSN cjiyj.
N £ E? yjt; ».
1 7.
1 8.
I9.
2LO.
2. I.
2.2.
2. 3.
2.4.
2. 5.
2l6.
27.
2.8.
2.9.
3o.
3 L
32.
33.
3 4.
35.
36.
To understand Tekupham tifrum.
4ccipe excess cycles, and years.
Tekuphae. A with all 4ggregato abiice.
Excess fiëi Sunday. .
% Trust vapor.
fuperis hours and fêrupulos nouilunij tifrum ,.
Oh well £ EFI Tekupha tifrum ,.


Page 201


In order to know how many there.
the majority of the cycle.
Take less era, in which man.
Away from the zoo. Add Oh.
Cast all things 28. Tefiduum ,.
X8 is the major cycle ,.
where are you.
In order to know how many there.
small cycle.
Fpraem set cycle was a little small XIII.
Throw all six. Produced £ turn of the year.
Small cycle in which you live.
that eß below.
Adsciendum year highway.
J4biice all fèptenaria from the æraMundi.
"Dmmus $ subduct to buy, where ey.
Regvlae FERIARV M.
the dung of a coat to the common Hachaz.
~ Fmus embolimæus HAchaz HOZ.
To V in all years.
JAH days z 3 '5' 7.
A GAT to the community at large.
BAT v TAKPHAT pass embolifmum.
Mumque BAD, p. Phafe.
Never GAHaz folemne Pentecosser ,.
Never V to head downstream.
Z AB compelled to Purim.
Mumque Hag v Kipphurim days.
A \ B ever ACH, or Caches »neq.gAsch ,.
/ 161/4 € Zach, me Hach, in general.
Never Hach, fieque G Asche in emboljfiio.
Always the first day of Njfán.
The first Phafe. .
Always Pentecosse esserti second phase.
Always Chapter J £ nni, and the atmosphere was EFL.
On Tuesday Phafe.
Gs $ 2, Semper628;.
S C A L E R G 50 1
1 o s e p h 1.

We, Yan min nntv% y ?, E ° [37.
: NPA, vipn oix yiy I] n 'B 8.
Ince, YG einir = w? y? jo * | 39.
, Riisipn, ajja.
: IOI mtjn E'yiv, | .
: Bi bi riav E7iy? Is p.
1 ih g) yiy?] O p.
FBI is U $ O? iy?] ad.
priyii rixv PA.
, Cjiy RSmae.
three A's roads y.
* Phn ais naye y.
syas oyna r y.
trip pfin his fly.
Yan wedding f r ly.
 HBU's eye.
; íh typ'is y ^ nsv ly.
4 O.
4 t
4. 2.
4 3.
4 4.
45.
4 6.
47.
i.
m n.
Y ').
1 *).
n).
Fasts Kipphur the fifth Phafe.
Always Phurimpraeteritum, efiferia force Phafe.
A 100 N o n e s t E
A 5 P H A R 5 M.
Always Tissi Gat. ".
Always Tevet Dam Now :.
Always Nifanius THA v :.
SemperTamuz AM ZAM ;.
Ae R N A N A 5 M.
1000 5 500 N i
J £ conditumumdi :.
To 1) iuifionem, 1996.
J4d birthday noflri ancestor, Abraham.
facras memory, 1948.
Christmas Mγis Mgijlri noflri facras.
memory, 2368.
5) ^ || 4 9.
£ H $ deys vnsy sy npºaiy] 5 [5 Oh.
, U5 pfih piajs fivwv nºa pya vj * • | 5r.
vii% v Opys I iivsv na Iannºy]> • | 5 '.
, Fifi dieJ I Syn na iya y | 3 | 53.
IIIt, to infer Ningyo iyeiy | * 5 [54.
•: hah DIPY Ì.
I nsyipyn pays nºa n> 'Y ly.
 : I5 Ifi.
; I3 VFI £ o s i onin n> p, y || 3.
1b oh ep's a Dyºnyjn FYP tyli. "
; n5 end biSy oi i na tanniyin.
PHH Beys I nggpnntynnny sub w).
csybsI mo fines from nyway [p.
 I Tway, £ i.
; % = $ Yys% iyvxepip NY.
* P * n * g * y innpºnr apply.
BJ cayays * t.
c sis i y mb '■ • npvnn iyn; fibi.
cnnn wine o'isyeyin PA y.
: $$ û ¢ £ is fi c.
Switch '; »I Bab ^ $ 7 niynniy.
53 FNH.
: Hip -1858 p hen y * n * 3, b.
355 deºs those ap n O 3 vii.
p5 yijs if isioniB n'y y.
n> | 55.
5 6.
57.
59.
6 O.
8 D.
>) D.
6 t
62.
I 500 [63.
I 500 || 64.
500 m | 6 5.
6 6.
500 m || 68.
t '= R ,. tjy
•.
To migrate to Egypt, 2.448.
Ifraelis for entry into the Earth, 2488.
Prior to the formation of the house, 2928.
Prior to the destruction of the Temple, 3338.
Temple to the formation of another, 34o8.
Contraets at the age thereof and sealed.
J ifionem, 3448.
To the families Hafmumæorum Kingdom ,.
3623.
To Hagaremorum Kingdom, 372.6.
To the Christian era, 376o.
The removal of the house poflerioris, 3828.
To signed mifi, 3948.
He died at the Mgjstri ASE claufulae.
Amuraeorum, 4186.
To Comflantimum, 4o33.
To seal the Talmud Hierofolymitani ,.
42.2.9.
To seal the Talmud ßabylonium.
4165.
From the age thereof Ifmaelitarum Memphis Mucharam ,.
4382.
To signed manv 1000 Mgiflri Mofis.
filîj Maimon, 4954.
To exile in France, 5155.
Out into Hifpaniae, 5 * 5 *.
To exile in Portugal, 5.6o.
The P 50 1 1 t c v s.
TAB VLA.
Always Fefiuitus Law feriaquarta Phafe. A.
J4d 1) iluuium, 1656. B.
C.
ON E 1000 N 500 E A T T o p o k v 1000 1000 51 B. y 2. 629.
& $! . 1 o e.
53 ~ | ÄÄ.
[5 Fe He scti: [pe ho pe pry Hte scrum X5 | J Mo scrum.
A A A B 5 50 33 ria. ix. Pul. i $ ria. r. Ful. • ri r. pul. E. e ria, Rae, Pul.
Excessvvw ## _ _._ 1 ee # 3.
nouilunio i [4_8 £ 876 [16 395] [{acc 5 11 133] [ti | ISTATEA.
Ium. -; | Ez I _. IT i 1 | | _L_I_I_T.
I 2 2 1 1 72 2 1 io oo.
S P E A S E 5 1 | £ E -? A E 5 3 2] [_A | 1 1 18 4o8.
prenarios. | [317 - H _3] [; 7. 5] [* ° | 4 ° 492] [_3 | 3I3T899.
5Τ] [414 43 1357] [4 | 3 * 31a] [508] 7 9 3oo] [1 | IATOTE ;.
EEEEEEE * | | 5 [* 853] [j | 6 to 815] [6oo] 3 18 6oS | [T5 | ATTE ;.
z 3 50] [6 | 1 6 362] [£ | * 3 33 3 | T3T5T7i§.
[° ???] | 15 5 3 * -% | T _ _ ** j] [SHEET A] [ '7 | 7T9a.
23 393] [[4 u. 747] | * I7 '* 448] | TekvpHATI [I8 [8ISTA3.
_3i4! 4 * 12] | 9 | 1 at 543] [?] 3_4_3o35 A 5 M. § | 9T3T557.
IOI * 416 *] [1 8 [6_6_339] [° | J 31 552 Πό [ioT5Tj ;.
517 15 715] 50 1 15 __3_913 | 4914_19__29 month T E XT tiitae I4. i5a.
P | 6 [4 * 438] [* [U 7A4 | [39] 3 16 579 PHA RVM. Ta [1 ATTT356.
_73 17: 51] [! 3 [6 _ai_5ao] || 4. [* 44 _ 4 | Go i3 | I3TT8 55o.
IÉÉÉÉÉ] [ÆBIBITE [38] III33] [t # | :::: | [ÍTÁTîj.
916 3T357] [1 5 BTBT; E [60] 7T3T33] [CCL. ' "' * '1 5 | 1 5 14_175.


Page 202


If ETaoT83 | || 37 [6_io sic] | $ _4_ of $ 8 | |. 11 [I9T374 '7 | 7 19 879.
TERT3T376] [8 BT5T3 1] [9c | 4I6yo 3 [* * 7 3 1 8 i] 18 16 io74.
I5] T $ T $ 35] 1 i 2 * 2 i6T595 '' loo | 1 1 6 15 yo 641% loo 19] 8 1 485.
A 1 N ot a t o n e s o 1 N 100 1000 P v t v M.
A c 5 1 1 V 500 M.
CSI? civ' comput) that we computer, MA Hebrew.
gistri Embolifmum they call it, from the position in the whole. This, for it is nixy. a.
^ T them, this is the ἐγκύηοις. A year after she embolimaeum they call it.
Nye, áyxjuovo, praegnantcm, tranflationc clegantissima, quasi.
The year intercalatitium mcnfem in J medals, like the woman above.
managing the fetus in the womb. Ncque smaller force is the Greek word broke up 3 t.
άν That is to split the tree-like Forks of the troops.
grind. In Cicero, Brutus, said APP stoudy Tranfitiones by the people.
happens when men were im alien eiu / dem momimis pour.
heaves. This Ess, i cook%). However, they now generally male and in the peas.
Roner INFVN DVNTVR. Mcnfis the iuβόλμ © is a quasi m.
500 Fititt. The year in which the remedy is intcrcalatio, άμβολμύφ, tan.
Forks in the trunk excipicns. A & burn yourfcif wu * ^ gains. Italians.
ininus, properly speaking, by the intercession of the motions of the call, do not ta.
men have a song fucccntiuo, and the dilemma of what we are finished.
was repeated. Our poets fuccentioncm R E F R A NVM vol.
com. However, the elegant properties fuperat hcbraic niay.
rcpcrias facris the word is not in the Bible. Qgare not without error.
Ggg 3 ours.
/ O 3 o t o s e P H 1 1 1 50 S C A G E R L
TABVLA our people, nay transcenfum e ^% xl spring A.
excessv's | for another. However, it did not niay was naye. And it is difficult.
tineadekae, LL, ^. . . * * »\ • .4Ἐf | This brings with it, as an trellis ^ $, O askew and Zn.
house. For example, in the third cycle, men.
Huius] f INTERCALARY. This is called ἐμβολισμός in Hebrew.
Ja es. RZ. Pul. May. From the left, are made áôïíóúeo an intercalation.
Aj £ | Also called the YP iinn and nnibus. From three times the amounts.
ISIÈÉÉ | flue naye Sunday 1o. 21. 2 O4 confurgunt 3 2. 15 days.
... i] 612, of which mcnfe nyn nay deduóto stays.
§¤É] ^ y; .2.899. Much, therefore, they discourse of ἐμβολισμός.
Jejjt £ 3], <R & OG "), and hence niay and yp. B. Noble Igitura
they call this part of the cycle, the moon, of the teaching of a matter so much;.
So IÆ] Jews than Samaritarum Master. Since.
1 19 5 yo.
 apparent purpose, and its name is the oldest with.
I5si 3IcT392], common angles two peoples who had twice mil.
_3: ';' y no le five years to each trade.
7o 4 5 470 *. • • • •.

E EEE | * Have a deadly hatred and fefe another profequuntur. In.
90I5Ie 45] vnnn VIIpr the following: Eyavr ^ ixsv fisvri, 1 O O || 6 • • Oh 98o.
[...], iii] y = wpin if the calculated that today's computer.
See [i8t 78o | mouse ta is the 1000 B o e s 50 1 1000 1000 V call. It.
"I C $ site, which belongs to intercalare, ipfis.
It also means that recruit some intervention account. The MA C.
amb of a calculator, that is solely in the hands of doétiorum, it is called.
5iayn to, μιτόω% ^ gains ιαμά. The founders of the account = yiny.
άμβολέα}, which idiotifmus 1000 c o p as 1 s t a s calls.
J / enfis) The first part of the Jewish account belongs to the Moon, Fe.
the second to the Sun, and the third to the season vniuerfitatem..

TCR, Tuesday, Bi) or, three, three, two. The Canon Master Gamel.
Us, which scripfit the naynio. This is the opinion of the canon. After Tresanus.
We embolifmus was performed. So triplicando excess of the sun.
1o. 2 1 2 O4: c produetus abiicicndus menfis embolism and 29.
2. 793. The rest comes ôzrae% 1% \ ax) 3. 2.899. Again after three.
exceflus three years, led by the Sun, which is linked to 3. 2. D. 899. Abiecto
menfe Moon, left σεθχ) 718, 6. 5. After the O & grandfather year.
Twice conducted an excess, and when 6. 5. 718 coniungendus. The Melt.
of stamping with excess of the oetae of the year 28. c. 46. ​​Menfo necessarily smaller than the Moon.
And for this reason, is not able to lead from it. In this manner the is to be done, v t.
fecund book notes. Therefore, the T E R T E R, 500 called the incident so far.
triplicando give an excess, when it doubled again. Why nature.
embolifmus cycle has arisen between the Jewish people and not the arbitrary nature of CA.
··· lippicus.
ETIA85] fiuígou 3.2.899, which is true άστεθ9χh and Hebrew.
500 E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 E. 7. 6 § 1.
Alippicus and metonic that embolifmos to precipitate the loser.
full of pus, so that their epoch in the summer sun anteueniant of a new moon. But.
in the state of Jewish ground on which he was earlier on intercalare, that of a mere mental excesses.
beak above the moon and has gone it comes about that menfem, or more, to trust.
ces. 6. 8. 11. 14. 17. 19 3. Intercalation In this way the attributes of the year.
ti are, that they have certain intervals, and not at other times excess of the Sun's energy. menfem.
pick. .
Excess MEM /,) Remove feptenarios days of a menfis z 9. 12 ;.
3. epaétæ one nouilunij 79 are left excess or 1. 12.
Excess of mind common) year is common, fine fimplex twelve.
menfe. So epaétæ one nouilunij 1. 1 2. 793 twelve times as many people.
Β folded, threw feptenariis days, they become 4.8.876. epaétæ it.
CCT one ANN1 communli. .


Page 203

8.876 ;.
epaétæ one menfis 1.12.79 3. epaétæ made in connection with thirteen.
5. menfium i z 589. epaétæ year embolimaei namely that man.
menfium x1II. .
Excess gycli) in the cycle of the year there are six. of whom the twelve fim.
proof, the seven embolimæi, twelve years epaétæ simple 4. 8.
3. 9 8 7 6 made 792 times epaétæ year embolimaei 5. 21. 589 ,.
6. 6. happens happens Iunctim 2. 16. 883. 595. epaétæ years XIX ,.
twelve simple and the seven embolimæorum, which is a measure v.
100 genius gray. ".
* Nouilunia Tohu) $ £ ^ ιον an nouilunij Jewish flue origin, such as MSG.
visit the they call it, it is the day of the week and fruitful, and the hour of the fifth day, scruples is. four hundred.
This is the pofitio: Z. 5. 2 O4. This book is an explanation fecun.
give and be given further below. Day at the beginning of the Jewish civil war.
Occafu sun; And therefore the lunar calculation reduced to six hours ,.
the place where it will be seen that the fuo. Jews call it the lower age epuis $ ^ ιον.
snn ijiomini, that is, the yeoulwiaw χαοις. T H v for yourselves, because the Old.
Greek χα® the bus. It is therefore aego 1000 ^ \ 5% μα9nuatix), for example, are all out.
Poch movements. But the Jews that nouilunia TGO ^ ηίικόν called.
istý Rio is an ἐπιτλήζεως. Also called RNA% n rat; άπίλλη% ;.
^ Edge 500 ft / ;, corrections to the moon, staged polling. Moon mold Sa.
applying a jealous God Opt.Max. demanded that the lees sun.
one light. Every kingdom that can not tolerate more strong. And so on.
grauitcr not take cognizance it by God, from the day of the week the fourth quarter, in heaven and which are fufpenfo.
loluminaria, dark obduétam luxisse not until 1000 H o o first.
created. So filuisse Moon for two days, Wednesday and fifth.
a break. The result, as nouilunio completing two or belief.
rctur that this is indeed dcsignatur nouilunio Tohu: What words.
Ggg 4 opus63? E p h o s s c a 1 1 50 1 G E R L
it is? Never the ancient Greeks to the disease mythologiarum A.
{Uranium and Jews. Where Babbinica aeëkg) {α be a dead man.
Le & tor expeétationem beside himself are in a moment of exploiting it. If.
When it is worthy betray'd, stand above © sôsXaê g.
χωής, the play raagoaj§% @ οτ or knows some of the old.
The Rabbis, and the business with all the litigation which is came. And why the moon se.
mules are unable to tend to the lees upon which no light at the end of the sun.
men does it have? Nouilunia the first time a Jewish holiday sccun.
Give hor. 5. 2 O4, the sun in the West, or what is the same, fe.
Syria prolific hour. 11. 2 O4, afternoon in Jerusalem in PE.
riod of Julian 953, October seventh, the letter G, the first cycle Sunday.
For Sunday Romanusidem estcui cycle of the Jewish people.
• 4mmus $ Olara) The second part of the account of the Jewish pcrt to the sun.
which relates to, in that quarter that pendct Tckupharum the doctrine of.
Excess $ oils / EIGN ammum or Lunar) Remove the years moon.
ns 354.8.876 years from now Solaris 365, 6. o. It remains άσεοςχύ.
i ^ ιακή lo. 21. 2 O4.
Excess cycles) from canonc Gamaliclis, which above the expofuimus ,.
After the excess multiplied by seven times Sunday, derive menfibus moon.
wounds, remains disputed Sunday and Monday, hor. 1. 485. Thus li.
bro demonstrated ongoing. Throw feptemmenfes fynodicos, O6.
1 17- 51, from nineteen cases Solaribus, 2 O6, 18, 636, relin.
Sunday follows the same cycle cxcessus Oh. 1. 485. This is the first Canon.
B.
Tekupharum. €.
Tohu excess of $ Olar) Book ongoing explained the reason for this.
the excess. Year of the Jew by breaking the same was both the Sun's, and it is at this day, with the vc.
Syromacedonico waste. For Hyperberetaeus tetraetcricus, Macedonia, Thracia.
Oh, and whether Alexandreus began the day eight of the orb. And so, on the last day of the year.
He was seventh Octobris, where every fourth year, when intercalabatur.
Syromacedonum such a time as the hagarena and the Jews.
Calippica phase Alexandria vtebantur. Tekupha the autumn ,.
Macedonia is called xêygo »μέστωσσὸν hurdles VII O & O.
bris. Kártyov χειμέe / Wow, Tekupha hibernation into force January. Tekupha.
Spring XIV: ov% Wo in VII April. Tekupha summer, Xanga, 3g3,3 ,.
seventh of July. And these two Tekuphae is not a fiction of the Jewish, the Fed.
Of the Greeks, as we have said elsewhere, who employ these parts of the year, and GE, was used instead. E
endorse in Julian, first of all at once with a type of Antioch.
admiferunt, Deindc is also equal to Jews. In fact, the times of warfare as & Iofephus.
li Jewish writings of Julian days' Antiochenfiumdeß.
gnat: yt defender must participate from the beginning of the cam accepissc they may be seen, falta a genetic inheritance.
Archclai confiscated. Ncque doubt, is to be, quit, either at that ,.
Or.
/.
ID E N 500 E 1000 E 1000 E P O R T A T. B. V 1000 51 5 2. . 6; 3.
Aaut under Herod's form this year has come. Then after starting from bleached.
Tekuphae Julian and the Macedonian defitu. A Tekupha the old ,.
Oh, and the seventh is from October, to September XXIV, where Sofigenes set St.
quinoótium days are praecife XIII. In fact, there are æquinoétium Sofigenis.
Matt on the first day of Septcmbris: κόττον the με (τωόν is XXXVII.
days have elapsed from iifdem on the first, in which was the hour of day for the first nouilunia.
3. 2 O4, for example diets above. Tekupha tifrum in the first year and 9.
praecife hours in the night. If it were molded into nouilunia.
on 37. 5. 2 O4: Tekupha at 2 4. 9.

Page 204


was great in the 37: as we do so we can be in no other way, than the fi now of the days 37.
5. 1 O4, is replaced on days 1 2 O 2. 2 O4. So there are left over.
Β 24. 9. Oh. This is the reason why the 1 z. 2 a. 2 O4 are delivering on.
Old dine with Macedonia. From 1 to 3 days of solids derived.
3. 876. When the motion of the Moon, was clear that out of the midst quater of an hour.
even among the Jews, and that, nevertheless, as is the case, it could not be wrested from vfus.
periods of Alexandria, and which, from the hands of the common people Calippicæ, the Master of Tiberius.
beriadis fustulerunt that period, and the new niay, that is, Com.
unadulterated condition. Xi for 11 days, in which the ancient You.
Kuphus Cæfarianam exceeds each received 6 cycles of 1, that is, whether.
We 41o4, which coincide with days at 7 o £ u7iijva g aaXlwojxjs ,.
& Moment præcife. Then fell into an amendment of the time.
Jews account whether the absolute O4 41; so much so that the first year.
100 year is spent correctly account by entering 41o 5, corresponding to a year.
Christ Dionyfiano 344 nouilunia September from the panels.
stronomica in Jerusalem on Monday night, September twenty fč.
the second, an hour to Jn ;; And the south quarter of the day, xxm, which was on the first day, ey.
CLO Sunday 17- or what is the same, time 4+ from the sun in the West, citizens.
three times. The Jews, as in the method by Tekuphae to leave any of the stones.
Us, for ;; For 87 seconds, he received ;, 6, which fuperfunt dero8o.
the common way, for a year, about the way in the year, would be left to the solar deducted.
breaking down 2 O4. Hence, as in Tekupha tifrum & Nifanius no problem.
abandoning their duty must be necessarily the same 2 O4 and in excessuSo.
litigation above the moon, and in the first nouilunio. So I exclude such as those 2 O4.
500 angles in the first Moon, which is in excess of the sun. Excess Sunday: 1.
z 1. 2 O4. Oh nouilunia first time. 5. 2 O4. Disserentum nouilunijciui.
Us Jews and astronomici hor. 1. 1 58. This will be explained more favorable.
niore place to sleep. This Fane ingeniofissime, but inexperience and the same day.
Tekuphæ & nouilunij time. Tekupha is the last term of the year.
Solaris, flue-p. riav, the first nouilunia first.
day of the year. The time between the moment λ £ y @ $ εωgnTòv Tekuphæ.
And the time he first beheld, that varying, this early, so.
reéte634 1 o s e p h s c a 1 1 50 G E R L
In ancient times, and you really Tekupha in the seventh Octobris. Nouilunia of A.
fequenti been in, in the nine years that it even happened.
z world 4. 5; beginning. Then immediately after the æquinoétium property.
And then, what was 7 Octobris, entered nouilunia Marcheschvvam.
In VIII, Tuesday, and fequens Nifanius upon himself are the æquinoótij civic ,.
Thursday, April prolific in the menfis of Exodus, which is nothing, no.
those ignorant of the history of facrae in the ratio of the times. The set of Teku.
Pham and nouilunia first installed the same day, and sin.
in the nature of a thing to its, in the old days of the year & the Macedonian confuetudinem :.
becomes the end of the year of the antecedent premises that the Tekupha, nouilunia au.
Likewise beginning: King of Macedonia, and in addition, civic year.
Sunday AVII is fed by fequenti education. B. counties have jurisdiction over the year
puti, the Jewish people, which they are completely ignorant to the Jews. Nor do I ,.
among the Jews, but that the report of such a faith becomes the old, the world was created in Book VII of O.
October, and, for the sake of knowledge of teaching Olympiad which.
diximus.Quum it was often true arguments duétihanc cause.
And the account of the modern Jew was shown at last.
masquerading memoirs H A I N = 1, in which there solumconfir.
Our conjecture can be destroyed, but also the name of the account Auetore Prodi.
Then it. It was Hillel, of which it is written, we find all WA svvm% Fin.
»Y are as good mn m fa NVP Nixwv> nBipn Tni ^ \ y su Naym fpn» num i m.
2. /.
ninovj% y nxvx a mini NINNO wjin n / s> | Ny pypw p> n> PM N> n. Hillel, Prin.
ceps son Judah arranged ComputumfècundumTekupham.
Rabbi Adam until the Messiah, the Son of David. And the tartar.
Abai and against. And so it lasts in the scripfit Rabbi Simeon.
in position exhortations. It was the year 67o contraets. Ha & e.
that. This was the year of Christ, 358 years after the normalization x 1 1 1 1 ,.
In the year 354, which fell perpctuum Computuni scripfisse said ,.
nempehodiernum. Addition, it comes regulamAda, and this is undoubtedly a pleasure.
igiturfuit conicéturanostra should be in the book. pag.z6.nnyn niy Fob bottom.
PI is snbin nonn j ^ i ^ tm ix "Vx ainyo ixxvsv Ί ',' sx xwjxi cypiº CA) 'Nun DN.
nn nn A m ^ i. .
Excess menfis Tekupha) If an excess of Sunday 1 a. 2 1. 2o4. By XI r.
diuiferis, oh brow. 2 1. 827 EPA and insisted menfis Tekuphae. Therefore year ,.
Tekuphae is typically exceeds yourfcif Sunday. Similarly, the excess of the cycle you °.
Kuphus solar cycle, the excess above the moon, and oh, 1. 485 epaétæ.
Tekuphae the cycle. .
And 4d / © iendum nouilumium.) Haetenus Fidelity account Jew.
Subieetum account for a year. Hebrew cstmixtus year, quake.
They consider the nature of the Sun and Moon less. Monday the account.
menfes of the moon, the movement of the enrolled, but to the man whose good faith they are. Rationc.
C.
Sunday, from 500 N 500 E 1000 E 1000 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. 6. 635.

Asolo, because of the two causes of this.

Page 205


it becomes a remedy embolifmorum, and then for the sake of Tckuphas. Rurfus years.
there are two kinds diuifio: according to the twelve menfes, for the sake of nouilunia: in four things.
Tekuphas, on account Solem.Quæ double diuifio estfumma fumimarum.
in the account of hcbraic: he that is in genere duotantüm teaches: nouilunia ,.
and Tekuphas. Priorigitur Methodus Moon, quamTekupha.
Rum. The first nouilunia ComputiIu.
Daicus is seven Octobris, as is often said, | ERGESSWS.
 .,, •. • • •. _ • • eliminating ssvs.
Musy cycle Luna III, early Sunday, an Illinois 5 n ae. SOLIS.
Julian was 18 years from that period. * * * * 15 ?? l ed] [* * * 88on9p; . • 953 _ 39 from 8 | 9 1 5 4 8 4. iooo.
paid since the creation. First. 1 [1 6 59 5 | | O 1 481.
7] 1 1 6 1 oh oh oh oh oh.
BVT learn Jewish account the age, alters | ir.i, '[' '. j | | . . .
952 years of absolute phase Iudai NG] ie its] fr.
ca. Rcliqua the current year Iudam] * #; ΣΤΓSERET.
nouilunio drawn from the first autumni.Exem.
ple. The year of 1596 was Dionyfianus In 63o9 period.
Lian. 2 derive 95, left at the beginning of the year, Jewish 53 57.
nouilunio early autumn. I now know charaóterem tifrum eiuf.
Jew was the same at the start of the year, diuifa past 53 years 56 through 19 ,.
You have absolutely $ 1 Cycle 18 and 17 years, virtually no further expanfa.
clay. Nate: In the beginning of these three highly prized dedimius board.
Tredccim menfium and springs, that is, above the excesses Monday Sept.
cnarios 19 years expanfa: Cycle expanforumi such as.
Hill and hundreds of coins and bedding. Again have another Tabu.
I am 19 years old excesses of the Sun, and more pictures from cyclorum.
Solis.Igitur process with the table cyclorum charaéteris meii.
  ... P * [TATFT].
fium, Cycle 2 5 z z oo corhpetunt. oh i o.cyclis 8, with || §3y §.
gruunt 5.4.8o.vni cycle i. 16,595. annisií absolutely 6. | √.
yo. 21 a. Riouilunium Tohu and the beginning of § 18. 5. 2 O4. | . Daicus "_.
Summa1. 1o. 2 o9.Idest, nouilunia tifrum to 2 years 53 57, 3g, b.
on the first day, hor. 1o. 2 O9. I want to know the reality of Julian Day | { "," J b.
fpondet. Table created the first cycle Iudaici.Ac | JEJE °.
Dcipe the difference Sunday in conformity with the number of cycles | £ '; $ ,.
paid and who they are, it is in the lower diagram | J * E ** £ $ £ ,.
16.hor. x y. ZOI. They are excesses days ago disbursed * GIA |, $ |? G '.
Saier, several cycles of the moon Pgst anteuertitpriscami | ;; '73.
luliaho epoch in the year. The same day, then it rejects | y; 5jî.
ancient epoch of the first cycle, to see how much is fair, and that t '; 3 ;;.
The Sunday version. Day of the week will indicate the place, having beheld. [I * isspt 6 ,.
For the time they are not able to consistently τςοςμήσεως, $%. Ee.
adhere to the same say for many reasons, which | I 9 '■ $ 2 * t.
prudcntcs6; 6 '1 o s e p h s c a 50 1 1 G E R 1.

We omit controlled. Then collect the πςοςμίσεως 1 6. 23.A.
2oi. He is a 18 year propofitus gray. The Vetere nouilu cycle.
ends 18 years in the September 29, as shown in the Table is the quaeper.
Cha settled if the 16. 2 3 2 O 1, nouilunia this year up from there.
adxii September. The first day nouilunij, the Sunday version.
600 litigation. C. Accordingly, the letter is the letter that has fallen into the nouilunia 100 ,. Therefore,
which is the last day XII September restitution before or after it is no historical epoch.
uilunij tifrum this year propofiti 53 57. So it will be changed into that too.
was evident to him from the days of aegoauîâa $: the assistance of which-advocate of the feasts of the & li.
The Sunday teræ help never crrabis. For many Monday.
cometh up, and his life had passed out of the excess of the sun Collect as many as they may be. But being observed.
prowess, if nouilunia managed præcife 18 hours or more, B.
change to make. The cause is readily apparent. 18 hours in the account.
Jews are from 4 hours astronomice, that is, to the south. For the first.
appreciation for nouilunia A tendon, like we have said, Iudaicc is hor. 5. 2 O4, the West.
Sunday, Astronomic 2. 2 O4, to the south. Furthermore, 18 hours in the West.
Sunday, there are 24 hours astronomice to the south. So in this nouilunio.
I propofitus hours. 2 O 9 out of the West Sunday, there are 16. 2 O 9 at noon.
Tell me. To avoid this, indeed, the Jews upset by doctiorcs, whose reiigno.
the oracle to know the end of the conflict rwg nynpe) riyù N3.
Twenty-four hours NEPFyn moon lies, that is, / let. $ Mouella comes out ,.
5 and ten ôcfofit old. The Greek & w% Muág® όλωχός άύ η σελήn.êre ;.
τέτλςτημοεὐφάα. τεταί τὰςτημοε W / οις άm. However, these are ridiculous, and so on.
tending in them, that the ignorance of caussæ 18 hours: they do not know exist.
24, that is, solid yvx $ fiuegoy. In this case it is not fair Propof.
ta, the thing, but scqucns at once take, for the sake of diem the perfect man, who is IATE under.
18 hours, what do you think happens from 24 noon, that is, the whole day. Po.
meridie count could hear the whole hours, and even safer; leave us.
we made our 'in heaven, where no Intercal.
mouse, except after 2 4 hours. Why go out at noon if the county.
pure, whereas today fell 18 hour absolute, then the incidence hour z 4 ,.
that is, the whole day. Ancient Jews must know these hours on average.
noctiales the vfu not exist, but only τές κα & ακας, as is shown by K.


Page 206

 For all expect.
hours after a fresh appeal to be stricken by the Greeks in the countries.
les retina. Why are the older sub fèptimanæ appcllatio days.
the names of the seven planets and planetary hours.
More recently, the name of the chronicles of the invention is, for every hour of use.
sub marks planets. In ancient times, the Jews ^ 9% 6% G ipfum day for you.
nebras and light vefperam morning and divided that time.
IM Yay joined the call as Daniclis. To the Greeks, in the same compound.
fitioneDE E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 Li b. 7. O 37.
A fition is wzóμε /. Divide into four whole interval.
vetoes. And called for their quadrants ipfos of the Vigil, so also, the Romans and also of the Gentile.
The first quarter from the sun in the West, and the center no time sy nibtis that.
such action. Paul turned δι} is fimpliciter. It followed that in mind ,.
unless> ur, watch media, the media is not & you DESTROY east on.
That said, our two quodinter solca interieéta between the occafum or light.
value, and the rise fequentis light. Then fequebatur part nnibus ;.
Watch, from sunrise to noon. Paul agwiaw. Posts.
Watching moquarta pr £ n, south of fexta hour to twelve hours, and.
Occafum sun. This ancient Jewish heads. Pfalmorum LV. 18.
After the three parties, fine watch ipfas diuifa, more jury.
B mano. Nen, a serial number three. Accordingly e d & ωτάegς ἐ ἐ τείτης φυ.
Άακά; Luke remembers Dominvs xii.Scd Mark xiii first.
ma a part of is called the όφά, may be fruitful μόυκτον, and the third dλεκτεοφωνία. Why.
In nisy vu it is written by ngvp% y%) my $ m mm ninpub nuºru pnpsjstis.
• managing nay w ^ t ^ f if the viiPn npvjpi. Here quoddicis be aided.
gilias mcää, 65ßngulù of watching the $ enediäus said H E V O qv D.
5 e s o o la Vi 500 1000 1000 E vM Marcus Jewish oracles, and.
inept, but what is true for the triple watch and no tie, and institutions.
Roman safety..
     .
J4diice nouilumium) Who knows nouilunia past and wants.
fequens know, lies past nouilunio cpaétas menfis fable.
€ tifrum next, as shown, it will be 1. Io. 2 O9. Add 1 1. 1.
79; , Characters menfis fable. You 1oo 2. 2. 2 Z charaeter.
On Tuesday the nouilunij Marchcfvvan because it exceeds 18 hours.
the West, or 24 meridie. It will be the night of the twelfth.
Octobris. . · · ·.
<Adßiendum Tekupham 7jssi) nppn a year conuerfio properly. Ft.
is nothing but a sign of the time of the Mofis, who commands us, orluorM% from the »! Celebrate, O.
n NGF neapry the year, beginning in autumn. Let XXXIV ;.
a. In fact, that there he calls myn ngipn, ie, xxiii, 6, it is said, myn mss.
However, when the Jews took the form of Alexander perishes.
While Calippicam the one that received the lunar year, and where.
500 detained Wang. Macedonica, which is equal to one nominc nisipn called for.
The year starts immediately after Njene neipn after conuerfione year. This.
I discovered that we have is entirely Greek, and the oldest, quianam.
a description of the Sun's menfes unless they had none in the hand of them, but it was evident il.
Us, for four years, fine lustruml Solaris, be several days 1461: sixth.
3. This is equal to a tenth of the 91 days ögoy and κάττον ,.
& Q ordς called on Jews and their example nisipn appellarunti.
The word is ττοτά. Elidenscs first year Olympiad.

 HHH Intercom: 658 1 o s e p h s c a 50 1 1 G E R 1.
intercalabant between VIII and IX of July. Nothing is more true. Year Ina.
cipiebant sun occasionally (c. fequentis years starting from the middle of the night.
From where the sun third quarter of mcridie.quinti, eiufdemque first Olympia.
PI from the beginning and no tie. It was therefore no fentiebant be the day intercalasse, with the.
However intercalassent. Pliny the Elder: $ patium spring of the year.
try to be experienced cosmic movement and fiderum defined as the old one.
which Menon (MOW) & 5 Euctemom & versatile and caerchimedes out.
excel when the sun is in permanent fablimium law, the pole (pole) run / O / S.
gnifero, which Zodiac / ermo Greeks three ôfexaginta.
menfis five days and night, returns to the same. Va.
word forward, /? A / ecunda degree Carietes, to spatially / IO.
I have returned terminated. But the most memorable day of mind interval B.
the bus and six hours for V / gué concludes with the full glow, the spirit of / e.
After an hour for the return / Extant start, porreäum advesseram.7ertius.
first watch / imeno preamble to the hour of the night extended / out.
well. The fourth from the middle of the night, V / Mie attracted to bright light. Reet.
Fane and our mind, again to the ancient Greeks.
volumes. So, branded as carefully.
O7rd5 * 3 * e // '5, so that tgoTdg ioMuse / ydg and τ @ 9Td% χάμέe / yáo. This.
depend on the importance of diligently practice it are the Jews, by which the hæcxárreg con.
ficiunt, the ancient confuetudine, as usual, the fuperstitionem the turn of the ,.
In the past, as we have said,.
CUlIYM 21111 IYYCIO PICTURE TEKVP Harv. . C.
Alexandreo VtC- T 1 S 1 R T S B E N T H 1 = A N | A A A 1000 Z N 1.
I'd Tekupham LNT £ Rtatim] § 1 TETENTATE.
 {{B 500 3 3 oh oh oh ID 1 | N 6 O | O i i 500 1 3
first atU1CDant 500 9 O [N 3 O 4 | 500 1 Oh | 500 1 1 7 3o I.
Oh, and the orb in his work.

Page 207


After it firmly.
1 v xx ground in September, taking the form of Julian. In the first year.
lustri Tekupha tifrum a 9 hour night, 4. Tekupha Tevet hour; Oh.
Day. Tekupha Nifanius the beginning of the night. This significant letters 500 and N
In Table Tekupharum we fubieéta. 500 is the N however.
night. The Tekuphis to write R J'ir niniin nyl TTJV% from nisiprn.
Wrys Bip pity Myatt: n> O NE nn * YY CIP pp; riyi U is iiiri pygp iv dyiy 500%.
bºp dveynyys; iipn nepn VPN nn v'ni Dip pp ntjya: Fe, ngipn PPN mm ;.
* Iyn nepn VPN NOS. naior. Tekuphot / her throat * amma always reuoluun.
it, and returned to the world: one / fires, 8, 7, 6, 7. This is the O & O.
The bus before January 7 o / RH Tevet, one week before April will be.
O P E A T radiation% \ j / am, the time at $ Julius and will always t r o p e.
7amuz, Jepte days before TOBRIS £ 0 O P E A T will always Tssi. DC.
fuperstitione are Tekuphas observe the Jews of the ongoing book.
  highlighted f) E 1000 N 500 E A R R E P O R V 1000 1000 Li 2 B 5. 6 § 3.
\.
From cautioned. For those old from Macedonia, and if they learned the company.
Sunday cow's entry into the standards of that time. By Ngor, football.
nim3e2023 has no other purpose rather than by force 2 July, and by τ: οτές χάμεωας, by force.
January and Macedonia and the Greek way. Nor fecus.
and those of ancient Greeks to each τοπη flue Tekuphæ $ fuum but oh ay%.
they divide. A wintry Tekuphæ Tevet Qy PM: Tekuphæ Nifanius.
A spring e r em: 1 G N E Tekuphæ Powered by midsummer 1000, Tekuphæ.
Tifrum L A T E R M and, therefore, the autumnal equinox of four numbers from the elemen *.
she seized the destruction of the world and to threaten instance.
Cancer Tekuphæ excess éxtvg% AI): xα% of excess winter.
E κλυσμόν. on the other it would be, so that by fate to exaquescat World; on the other.
exignescat. So, too, for the sake of the fame to him, the reasons for the danger of έσεgâ.
danger, who have in this moment in which the Tekupha month Tebeth may be committed.
it, some drinks, or καύσωθ, and eager diseases which affect.
Powered by the fire Tekupha period. Because fuperstitiofissima.
curiofitate of the article of ipfum Tekupharum I gave heed, lest at any time imprūdēns.
The teeth hurt irreversible act. See Commentary Rah.
hi removed Ietzira Saadia Gaon, in chapter five, if only another way.
as well as otij is from the circumstances themselves and holidays, and shall destroy him that, as in the times of his frivolities. Therefore.
fuperstitioni of these people who have received a share in that, there being Græ.
their oldest Asst 7: OTO teaching us.
cconfèruata takes place. So come to the method..

  2 O | I2 1 88o.
Epacts pull excess solar cycles and an 8 O || 4 1 9 1 ooo.
an end to the past. Away from the top of the 2 1 2. a. : | ,,,,.
2 O4. Refiduo alertness nouilunia, fine, are highly prized Sertão ATT8THE;.
| Remove i 1 2 O 2 O4.
Besides holidays, it is in the bitter diagram £ i | ;;;;;.
you. For 281 cycles, and the past 17 years [Add | Oh yo 29g.
z react epactis solaribus 4.18. 5. io7 are: * 1 2 9 o |.
The rule will derive from the time the bus 12. [** T.
2 a. 2 O4, refiduo and 2. 2 2. 87 1 adieétis.
Oh nouilunij hours. 1 a. 2 O 9, 12 are made independent of the tifrum with.
hours 9. c. Tekupha tifrum committed the night, which cut.
Dque sun occafum 2 tifrum 1 day, 9 hours of the night complete. In.
because, I say, at the moment is to be committed Tekupha. But if they were.
21 hours, 1 abieétis z, and the remaining nine are assigned to the day fequenti.
ii. For the short time below 1 2 belong to the night. The rest of the ;.
beak above the twelve, it belongs either to the day. However, it will be noted in this end.
leisure, if tranflatio citizen to be the one that will not be considered. vi.
Here, we have a day of 2. 1 hour. 9. c. that is, after 1 to 2 Tekupha day.
Tifrum, namely 9 hours of the night, X 1 1 1 tifrum. However, if it is done by tranflatio.
The first week, according to (as you fanc fict this year), then they x 1 1 1.
• Hhh z floxe, 64o o s e p h 1 1 1 50 S C A G E R 1.
Soon, but only twelve will be accepted. On the tranflatione described below. Por A.
ro Embolimæo a year, which was the end of the chain is 55 to 56 ,.
Tekupha tifrum will Marchefvvan, Tckupha of Tevet in.
Schebat. Store up a 281, therefore, an excess of the candidates for his life had passed, to my lonely ah.
16. The rule is constantly breaking down the 12 O 2. 2 O4. Add hours.
Nouilunij 2.12.7oo momentum. Made 31 days, the hours 3. a. Teku.
pha three hours after it was autumn, night, she fequuta it.
31 day from the new moon tifrum, that is, the second night of Marchcschvvan ,.
Thursday beginning. Tekupham tifrum obtained.
fequentes keep adding to the previous 2 days Oh oh! 1 2 1 88o.
91 hours 7.;. Thus, in the year 5356 propofitus a * | 3; A.
tifrum will end in 12 days 2 hours 1 Oh. 1 6 | 26 _11_379 f B.
   t __.
Why Tekupha winter will not & I, which cut $ y | :; :.
quutura 1 2 2 a day, the moon tifrum. [B § £ T | 3 £ t £ T533.
The year logarithm. Tifrum, Marcheschvvan, CafleuŠ O 1 of 7 OO.
oh 9 days. When the compofitis 29 days [TekUPEIl3T3T3.
The people of Tebet, and it makes all the days of 119: had been led astray.
Z 12 remaining days 3 hours lo: from the rich Schebat. The TC.
Kuphus winter happens to 1 hour O; night, which is fequutura 3.


Page 208


Thursday. These things are ingeniofissima, which are nevertheless caufae abipfis.
craftsmen account unknown. , for which the causes of stories set offerings before the.
We wish that when fpeétatore Plautino bellies stories. However metho C.
While this account orbit very clever and very elegant to be.
no one of these things were a little pcritior person will deny. How often written lu.
The first day I read fuccurrit marvel at how perfectly this method.
was able to root out the men, who are almoft ignorance of this that they seem to leap back.
of all the good things is his profession. However Epilogifmus core.
Developments in regular orbit a little longer detected.
Epilogifmus fyzygiæ Jews, 29 hours, 12 days, no.
spin. 793, which is equal to 793 times the seconds fexagena.
via 44 '. 3. "O 2". But the true epilogifmus astronomic hour. 12.
44. 3. "11". Discussing scruples. Oh. Oh. "9". which is three times D.
fyzygias ease in a single cycle of solid duet made scruples. Oh. ; 5. "1 5".
The cycle of the Jewish day of 6939. hour. 16. 595. That is, hor. 16. 3 3 '. 3 ".
z o. "derive scruples. Oh. 3 5". 1 5 "remaining 69 days 39. Hor.
16.; 2. 28. "5" mode cycle astronomici. The cycle of the Julian day.
69. 39. 18. o. The employment cycle, Julian & astronomici hor. 1. 27 '. 31 ".
5 5 ", which is the larger exccssus Iuliano. Minor mode is gray.
astronomici the Jewish cycle. Why deducted cycle astronomers.
co de cycle with Julian, the, the greater should be left ecstasy of mind, than from the gray.
ludaiciDE E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 e. V IL 64 ,.
A Jewish detraétione. Accordingly, an excess of 216 cyclorum astronomico.
4.

Rum days were 13. 2. 6. 54 ". That is, the short 13. 2. points 1, 6 Fe.
things. But the excess of the totidcm cyclorum of the Jewish quater only one day at 1;.
Hor. 1. a. Discussing hour. 1. 126. Why did the year, 44 happened.
allotting tifrum Iudaicc from noon to 2 hours and 11 O4. Astronomicis.
however, only lo. £. discrcpantia which has arisen from the Epilos.
gifmo lunar, in which the Jews do not so much, but astronomers are in their {~ e.
vtebantur dishes. .
caeci / 6iendum quotient greater number 9cli) cycle is greater cy.
clus Sunday, the cycle is less than the cycle of the moon. The cycle begins Sunday a no.
Matt & TC 1 Nifanius, heat is used to investigate the holidays Teku.
Bpharum.
caeccipe pulled minor) of the air with them, which is below one thousand.
nose. As examples, in the year of account Jewish 5; 56, alone.
three of the last number called as RA 1000 1 3 56 n o r them; you do to.
they say.
caediice xx) xx xαθολλα This, she added, but orders Canon, Hc.
Stacy Computatores call n; vjv the burden of a great thing. But this Io.
52 oi the year, since it is not a Jewish practice before, he had not, neither your brow, after all.
5999. However, no large fubtilitatis is a reality that many byroads.
think of the way the public can penetrate. An additional 16 to my age thereof.
NORCO, and from the top of ABIC and tie every 28 remains arinus cyclist.
Jewish clear. 5 plots last year; Adieétis 3 to 57, 16, 57, fum.
MA through 28 diuifa left a 9 year cycle of the Jewish Solaris, that is.
the same thing with the Roman.
The number quotient gycli minors) as superior Canon ,.
52 and He began from the year, thus this kind of place, only to have the ov, in which there was cy.
clus Sunday xx 1, luna X 1 1 1 1. Hence it is always put to xx.
years of absolute method Sunday Matt method of the moon.
• To / From m1t € iendum ammum FR) nippw is gardz% α, as elsewhere.
mouse. And that is the seven year hcbdomadis, and the entire week.
feptimi day Saturday, as well as the entire feptimana.
& Away / eptemaria from an altar spern) Calculate Jewish falfo evacuated.
500 gaining from the beginning when it comes Computes old artificial ,.
Iuliana.Computus the Jewish period that is smaller than the Mini.
dafio 189 years, that is, feptimanis 27 years and purifying PCR.
7 diuifa leave year fiuc path of the week. Therefore Judas.
CUS, and demands a large number of feptenario through 7 diuifa same.
give the week of the year. It does the same period in our lu.
liana. For a 7 year diuifa give real abau week.
tumno. This year Dionyfiano 1596, the running year period.
HHH 3 iuliani.
• \.
64 *. E p h o s s c a 1 1 50 1 G E R 1.
Iulianae 63o9, will start the year 5 546 Jewish and 53 57, A.
Since the days of the autumn harvest. These three air through 7 show diuifa year.
according to the highway from the beginning of autumn. .
Can O n e s f e r 1 A R VM) of the Jewish year. head and uncertain.
a mobile can be, and this for two reasons: because of the nouilunia, and for the sake of holidays.
In fact, from the morrow after the other nouilunia Praeuertitur, eleven dicbusfe.
in reality, unless the cause of other things contributed to it. In every weekday change.
fuperfluum across the solar year for a day on consecutive weeks.
Rum. The more unstable because of the lunar year fedes news.
Iuniorum? The cause again of the annual of the head there are two kinds: the other φυσι, and the other.
$ IV $ man. Phyficis a change in the vocamuscam, which we have already said ,.
Hebdomadumscilicct for the period, and the cycle of the solar system. For B.
the letter B, for example, that the first day is a holiday, it will be fequente.
fertile, and sometimes it will be the first third of the bifextum.Mutatio.


Page 209

 Ido.
Locate in the fertile days are the head of the year, and the third, the fifth, feptimum day of the week. Reli.
wild animals be called, that is, dd) OAU $ íuíeg. Day that matter.
Head scout suitable for year, said VAP K E way out / your terms.
less, in the neck and figaturcaput year. Why though the weekday.
nouilunij be suited to K out of the way. And so fequentes or third.
day dissunditur-it is called άπάθεσις, έ άζασις. Enthusiasm.
the day called ùzrágáx% Epiphanio, the xax 'ajofiray. It.
, however, στάσις, fine, so that some of the Hebrews Computatores talking about this, nni du C.
He is simple: Moony flue isegoux) and πολκτική. Agg9opaz) comes through.
nouilunia A0 »and old, whenever it arrives at the nouilunia 18 hours :.
what do you think is the sun in the West, definunt in the afternoon, the wine.
do you think that define the rise of the sun. But the hour is to astronomers.
feptimi from the south, it is the first civil Jews out of the West. Therefore, 18.
definunt hours in the afternoon. Accordingly flue in the east and in the flue.
definant afternoon, both the foreign moon instituendæ II.
litigation nations, which begin the day, and no you. Civilis, a man tranflatio is for Israel.
two week sake of continuity, which fit alongside impairment.
In tifrum to teach the old masters. Because of these σεςάσάς.
it happened that year, is now larger, now smaller than regular. Therefore, now AGD D.
And oh ;, now d4aigeoi; becomes. The year is divided into two femestria. But since.
including the interval from the Nifanius femestre to the tifrum, it has two of the most noble of fo.
Lemhi, Easter and Pentecost, also recently oxlwoTW) {do best.
sactu fèmestri 33augíαζς & τςοόότάς in him to make such decision, where it may.
We deem that did not occur to me. Marcheschvvan and then Cafleu deleet in.
in which things are done. Marcheschvvan is menfis cauus, Cafleu pie.
that. Therefore aego & oh; comes to pass, Marcheschvvan from a hollow piece of him fully, with the.
αφαjgaai, DE E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 1000 V Li b. v 2. 443.
Ad® "ρεσις, Cafleu is full of cauus. Hence the three genusan.
if an ordinary, cauus, fine defeétiuus, full or overflowing. Just.
The year is called flue regular nTP2 nag, άιαῖδς κατ 'αὐλεγον year.
The competent authority is balanced, regular. Defeétiuus year, npn ryj, I%.
ίλτάς year shortcomings, cauus. Full year up '; T nay, and yw / ios EXG.
xAn29 ;, year solid, full of plenty. And these are the chief men of li.
fingulariis of other such things to fit men. This is No. 1. The year is out.
feétiuus has three days above the 35o. > I have. the ordinary has not the means.
four days supra; 5o.v is n. Abounds with five diesfupra.
3 5o. I mean in general. In fact, the slaughter of the marks of an accident, too.
pdunt embolimæo year, but above the 38 ° day. The Greeks noted.
ἐαιςεσιμαγες mouse was years ago. Thus, the first fpeciem of the year IudaiciGræ.
ce we call i% i% from £ saiujoy, fiuc x g), second σμαλά% ,.
a third zêvíóy%. .
A common 4nmus H & C H A S C A 500 A) Year of common ring.
by means of the seven leaves three days I will, if it becomes negative; four, if zquabi.
litigation; five, if it spreads, I expofuimus. Thus conceived, 3 53.
54, 355. 3,.
A a c h a s h o z) for the seven year embolimæus diuifa dot.
five dies defect, sex equable, feptem abundant. So with.
cipiuntor: 383. 384. 385. When it comes to the quality of the of the year inuestigandam.
cduo defidercntur, beforehand, whether it becomes common to, or embolimæus: at a height.
Rum whether defeétiuus, whether regular or allow the ancients FA.
tisfaciet cycle of the moon, the new moon to another, arguing propofitus with FE.
quenza prepared. For example, Jewish year will be 5; 56 do.
And there ran almost up to the goals. Blow Tifie 1 to 2. 2. 7 oh oh. And whether it is.
less xvil cycle, and consequently embolimæus, moon near tifrum.
A.: 1. 2 O 9, which is transferred to the second condition, as we see later.
biennial. I want to know the nature of this year 53 56 runs. Proposal.
I make for her a new moon, that is to say, ever distracted, with the fair of a new moon be.
applied when they were born. The interval strikes fimilem condition ,.
Funt v11. It is through this year praefentia Canon has plenty!.
pdierum vtiquc 385 Marcheschvvan πακοάμεω a fine pie.
Art. In the same way the others. .
To V in all animis) on 1, 4, force, so we are p% p £ j.
that is, dd) O: grandfather was the head of the year and false religions. Hocsignifica.
fingulariis be those letters nx, the first, fourth, fexta. Why, if menfis.
Tifrum begins on the first four menfis for Saturday and x v.
oxlwoTwy% of customary%. Keep the two will be continued. that is.
run. If menfis fexta begins on the fifteenth of the man.
wJwoTV) {α. Here again, keep the two continued. Finally, if it starts.
 HHH 4 quarta644 's e p h o 1 1 50 1 S C A G E R 1.


Wednesday, the tenth fexta Friday, Saturday and fequens. A. Again
The two keep a continuous Kippurim and an ordinary Saturday.
Keep two continuous ipfis called PTA nag un duo CA% from awsxii%.
Since this law was devised by the Jews (who introduced the first time.
m Seleucid) had one tifrum reason that nearly all.
solennitatibus escaped capture. After two continuous Keep impairment.


Page 210


Two days of continuous flask autumn season fervent among them.
periculofum the countries. Also asseruari no dead bodies.
I think it can be short and the risk of corruption. And so, for the sake of Tif.
rl is set. Otherwise, a continuous sabbaths, at another time, two found them not.
appropriately. With the new Nifanius starts from the first day of the Sab Nifam § John B.
disordered and fequenti on a festival of unleavened bread. En with two Sabbaths.
Tinus. If the new week begins again Nifanius feptimi as to whether.
No 5; 56, Easter is the first day. So ordinary Saturday.
solemnity of Pentecost continued. We tranflatione clothing.
Doctor quofdam men pointed to our book fæculi.Vide be.
ments. In the next 53 57 ineuntc, nouilunia tifrum be.
1. 1o. 2 O 9, on the first day John Scptembris. But, due to the V transfer.
n lodging a second condition, that is, on the fourteenth of September. .
Ia h days) Tralationem other social or other astronomical sight.
mouse. A 500 V is τολ / τικῶς: 1 A H, however, that the R dse9ouxò ;, spent.
uilunium reached 111. For fifteen hours wing, that is, fair and fruitful, and 100 three times.
third, fifth and feptimi, are fitted to the head of the year ro ^ & jtix, but also dse9.
yoμικός they are translated, if nouilunia reached hours, 1 8. It happens.
it is often seen as a metaphor, both political and astronomy converge :.
which is called by us μιᾶ. In nouilunia tifrum was 534 s.
1. 2; 79. The first Thursday yo translate into creative ways instead.
nouilunia old account, and the A 500 v. Often stand two \ zvagôágás.
made. what we called σάg3aoi; ôz j. Be nouilunia:. 21.
4 z.Propter nouilunia's old quarter on Tuesday transferred :.
Also in the fourth, the fifth, the A 500 v.
GAT RA 500 in general) IIui, that is, 3. 9. 2 O4. Wednesday secured.
not only for the sake of the head of the year, unless they are transferred to the next præce 500 neæ;.
Canon tooth, but also within 18 hours. But the crisis is assumed.
while. Since fi account be transferred to imagine being in J nouilunia.
the old may have. But this, and the Canon fequente refpe u fequenti.
years, has kept the feast of idoneæ there is a change. Contingittam em this year.
bolimaeo, the general feeling. The embolimaeo fue place. In the year of corn.
Ash then securely transferred suited to fiquidem nouilunia 3 •.
9. 2 O4, a year or amplius.Ponc cpaétas common 4. 8. 87 6.
fupradi E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 E. 7. 64 ;.
>>.
From above the nouilunia 3. 9. 2 O4. Produced nouilunia fequentis anniz ,.
18. O transfer for FV. It is transferred to the first: Fed.
A 500 V. The Comperendinetur, therefore, can not be for the sake of. Therefore charaeter.
then 2. 18. o. But the slits nouilunia had been 3.9. 2 O4. The distance between weekday.
Rum, the force. 3 56 Therefore, the chronicles of the year is called has been in common: that.
is absurd, prayers were made by Canon Vin. It therefore necessarily nouilunia.
3. 9. 2 O4 transferred into a double tranflatione Thursday. Then.
The year will be: I & V, arguing vacation days. But if the news.
allotting less has been one of involvement 3. 9. 2 O 3, remains unmoved.
BA K p h a t t he a) See Another rule change the appointed person.
refpeétu fequentis, having beheld, I was not, and that next after the embolif.
r.
B mum year, how superior is a metaphor for the change of the year.
Ni: nerhpe has been fi nouilunia 2. 15. 589, 589. Au, or, too, you beak above.
epaétas per year embolimaei 5. 2 1. 589 589. It results from the 2. 15. 3. 18.
O, nouilunia the foregoing year embolimaei: & fequentis of which the county.
2. 15. argues wall 589, there are only four days against CA.
nine fourth vjfi. For if we admit nouilunia 3. 18. Oh, tranfl.
by a double office is astronomical on Wednesday, Po.
liticis Thursday. So when discussing Thursday, the second also, 1V.
days. But if nouilunia there is less involvement alone, for example.
588, is not transferred. , •.
* Never BA 500 V), the Lunar Year of the equable, fine on regular.
100, two femestria divided into tifrum & Nifanius. A Nifanius to tifrum, radiation.
The time interval of 177 dajSg ^^ dxTa / 3. A Nifanius, to the tifrum, on the whole.
dem, fiquidem of the year the quality of it is not changed: as to which change comes to pass fem.
By the Marcheschvvan & Cafleu. But from Nifanius to tifrum in.
teruallorum of radiation is 177 days, but a that, as we have said, it is immutably united.
* ^ λακτι daj§g table. And so, on the new moon day of the week tifrum is always the third.
Nifanius, or the solemn feast of unleavened bread. For example, if the usual bread.
on the first, third tifrum fequens be. If Unleavened bread shall be the third day of the week, tifrum.
Thursday. This year the new Nifanius and therefore they also XT eiufdem.
menfis was fair feptimi. Tifrum for the next prolific that.
charaeter 1. Io. 2 O 9. Therefore tralatione's office. The two then fern.
1) through Friday Nifanius be added, such as vacation tifrum. Divide by 177.
7. The two remain catholic holidays Nifanius be added to the method.
tifrum holidays. Tifrum to less than a weekday, you can make Nifam.
approximately conclusion. It shows why he reiiculas should be.
RIAS 2. 4. 6 Nifanius or at Easter. .
Sunqur T A H A z) - YY instructions are for the estíogrì. The concept of spring.
hi @ $ GGI is feptem arrest and distinct boundaries. The same word NSG.


Page 211


absti64.6 1 o s e p h s c a 1 1 50 G E R 1.
they keep themselves, or of a tendency to curb fč within the fept of the temple, as he said to David, Kimhi, according to. A.
Also, nngy dóráyoμαςικῶς said Kimhi, has climbed Tent.
Rum. In this canon of Pentecost. And Fane old Judah.
names I have nothing else was understood, than the IIøyMxogí, Iofephus the book of the 3.
Div. x τὸ Πατηχο5j, FI, Eßegio A> x ^ ojv APTA, the annual * δ εσε Ila.
τηκος φ. n y or, as we shall he wants, there is Nngy IIaymxog), but did not.
etymon so it is IIaTixo5fi. In the book, David Branch 4o.
nnyy pY £ 'from £ PA offering between Easter and Pentecost, which is due.
an individual fruits. Arabifmo also called Christian.
J <^ c YY when interpretationc, 0] a3vJ;} Descenfus Spi.
San rite and TI. Sedin Nomocanons Muhammedicae from the first Doors. B.
"Rij for ja s. 198. Thus, Pentecost is thought that the incidence of radiation.
on July 17, although it never reached, and furthermore it is for.
Lynn moved. But faith is not informed of these things is come out from the Muhammedano.
howls. Then, they never will make a Whitsuntide, he lighted upon a third, but that.
In a feptimi. Why? For the second day of Pentecost Phafe, fine.
regular bread, flue moon Nifanius. If XT Nifanius, that is, for.
Lynn Phafe is feptimi Friday, Easter Monday will be the first to do this.
the year it happened. If the first Easter, Pentecost is fertile. Certainly.
JPentecoste is D UTá29%. £ IIøago. People think that nppn nnnge xae f * d% ,.
Tiagu, 3 IIOO. During the learning phase near Canon ever.
The Ila. Therefore, Pentecost will never be unfair. How Pentecost was 100.
rit on the third, if it will never be fruitful in the Passover? How can one fifth of Easter.
Never quarter? How feptimi finally, if ever phase.
fexta? .
A 500% Wunquam head downstream v) expofita it.
Z A B A 500% Wumquam Purim) C H v R in the book Ester exponitur- §.
Sufiana language, I imagine. & Cj3 is complete and Arabic. Thus Purim.
that is customary in the fourteenth of Adar quasi tell κλne9rhæuæ, because of the brave.
VRNA conieétam time Jewish victims of desire. A xiv month ,.
The culture in which the lot, fifteen Nifanius, in which the Pafiha, interual.
it is a thirty days. Divide through VII. When discussing the last two days. So phase D.
Tuesday is always a festival of Purim close to conclusion. Off.
two of the Easter holiday. You Purim antecedents. Opposing occasion.
IPascha is fexta holiday of Purim. If the Passover Festival to the first day of the week, then Phu.
fexta rim preceding week. If, therefore, the Passover had never for three, it is not.
Purim does not need an interpreter why i> i, that is, VII, 1 1, 1. If.
Purim was vu phase two would be against the Canon BA 500 V, Sec.
A Kippurim Yumquam% v G) v R K 1 P 1 1000, Grace λασμα is.
 decimaDE E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 p. v 2. 64>.
A tenth Tifi. If the tifrum never to them, then Kippurim mm.
"Than those never on the first, third, fexta. If the first and ninth.
() Would feptimi and hence V 111 has been fexta against Canon, & c.
l Sitertia ninth to be a prolific mounts, first against Canon, & c.
%. BA% Yumquam c h) j The letters from the second week, the letter q is iyita.
? regular. He deals with in common, then the embolimæo.
1 Never regular annuscommunis starts from Monday fecunda.Nam.
I authorized period of a year tifrum to Nifanius, namely 177 days ,.
By 7 diuifa leaves two xa3o ^ / x, which will make the moon.
; Tifrum appofita show Wednesday Nifanius moon. that is.
the canon. w.
B% G Yeque a c h) j That is, the third is removed. The year occur and tiuus county.
and subsequently never begins from the day of the week on the third. For diuifa give 176 per 7 v.
bowels, which, when taken together, make 4. On Tuesday tifrum phase ,.
 or Nifanius, contrary to the canon. .
% Neither T A S C H) UI, that is, a third of affluence. Or a third se.
in open seas can be. 3. 7 178 per space, which gives diuifa.
by virtue of the third Compofita Soveraign: I will strike with the fair, at Easter. The CST.
Paful ordnance BA 500 v. .
I, neither ZA c H) ordinary year can begin on Saturday :.
 I give it 2 out of 177 appofita week Easter neighbors.
 % A neither ha c) For the fifth year in a cavity. Unity refide.
• 100 of the 176 added to Thursday into Friday of Easter, of the CA.
InOnCI11. * /.
? I never ha c) haetenus out in common. Em out now.
bolimæo. The year begins on Monday the fifth of the ordinary has not embolimæus.
The distance tifrum & Nifanius 2 through 7 diuifa leave O7 4. So 4.
When the fifth phase tifrum give a second strike against the CA.
BA 500 V. nine.
* Neither Georgia s c h) The distance tifrum & Nifanius a year embolimaeo.
diuifa gives plenty of 7 V, which on Tuesday tifrum together.
I will give the first one at the passover. that there is no canon forbids. Leinster.
"While the end fu no doubt Ù. This is embolimæus defeétiuus year.
P never starts Tuesday because Easter fell into Friday.
... first time ever? Nifam) phase, flue usual bread, this.
'• to fifteen Nifanius is κανονισμός remaining solenne. The aliaf.
? Lennia the other hand, there are xàvouauê; 3II and α. The first phase of the neo week.
[Nifanius walls. Obviously, since the XT menfis. It is Easter Monday.
Pentecost.

Page 212

 Third.
 neomeniaTifri Easter holiday. Expofita it. Easter holiday quarter.
Joy law. For the second week tifrum Joy Law: Tifie.
Fi. autem648 I'o's e p h s c a 1 1 50 1 G E R '.
And a third of the passover. He is a joy the fourth phase. A.
ifttj Easter holiday Kippurim. For Kippurim a weekday.
the third tifier: tifrum the third day, the Passover lamb. Therefore Kippurim Thursday.
The. On Friday phase P: R 1 anteccdens 1000. That is out.
folded. • • e.
Always ssiiuitas LGU) in the R ^^^ V, exuberant law. In another manner.
ap - vii, TiO blessing because it tell the head of the penultimate Dt.
mij read in the. 111 tifrum celebrated the twenty ninth to say.
ex'ivoifjyiag, the oldest traditional culture. Who can set forth clear in the light.
only a vestige of Nehemiah 1x, beginning immediately. Since the first day.
ov'wotnyio; people crying because of Moab, which had wives and.
In the joy of the festival and seemed to interrupt us: Nehemiah and B.
Efdra, the scribe, he forbade them lugerc, for divine things, as long as they were operating.
As a result XT tifrum, in which he celebrated the first oxlwown *} {ας to O & TA.
nd eiufdem solcnnitatis, which est'xxii tifrum grief refrain ,.
again the next day. On XXIV hair was covered with ashes and infperfi £ LU's.
They opcram. Namely between XXII and XXIV tifrum another for.
Lynn lies, namely ryin rnnrv. This is why great.
menfis pay the day. The day claufula festiuitatibus. Soon.
next week for the first time Genefeos head to read what is in motion.
IE & ionum fynagogicarum. See how the institution of the old fint this :.
Many do not know how long we Jews from here or thousands.
ius many innöuasse. The fine tifrum the Leétionarium In 100 starts.
Daicus That persuaded the old world with the Balance.
diturn. A copy of the legal diuifio Jewish holidays, and.
JPolitica. Law must call the fpcciali the instructions that are being heard.
Political confenfu Ecclefiæ induéta and recovered. But the pole.
of them, even there are other things out of the law, or by a to see the result. Again she let the issue by.
Before reaching prophetic times after the prophecies other organizations, such as.
fubieéto diagram habcs.
Le g Al 1 A.
Er. A N G ο A TV b se, the tifrum. Lev. XXIII. Id.
K1 R I P V 1000, d4oaiaoi ;, J% λασμοί tenth tifrum. Léuit.xxiii.
<> {Οι x'ωοπηχ, XT tifrum. Lev. XXIII..

Eogrî r y o c t a VA axlwo7m) ίας Luke tifrum. Lev. XXIII.
PA S C H A xiv Nifanius. Lev. XXIII. Ex. XII. Deuter.xvi.
A az y 1000, XT Nifanius. Lev. XXIII.
S P O R T 1 1000 a az V 1000 V 1000 Matt Nifanius. Lev. XXII.
Pent e c o s t e r YY, Sivvan force. Lev. XXIII. lofeph.lib. 111.
cap.x.
3. been granted E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 E. 7. 649.
\ !.
A After the installation of modern Computieandem occurrence observed.
a couple of days, because they begin from the mediomotu menfem of the moon. Yes.
united cooperation which is no doubt, because of the sword nnanne Peen fuminarium ,.
XV & XVI Nifanius celebrating Easter, Pentecost and 3 Sivvam T ,.
Xenopegiam XV & XVI Tifri.idque call if '; `; T, which ci replied to.
plenty of exile. For now they are on probation, the cuerfo fanétuario.
Vefpafianus. f.
The 50 O P E A LIT 1 c G E.
© # £ αιοφόg's P E A T oxlwo7m 1000) ίας Rev. tifrum. $ Kidduf.
Oct a V E R N A T F O R V 50 a CV 1000 xxii tifrum.
B E S T 1 vit A's 50: 1 E G Matt tifrum. $ Kidduf.
IVN 1 vm E A T MVZ xvii of Tamuz. Zachar. 8. 19. Iofephus.
IKidduf§.
The E v ENT v. A N T E E S 500 L A M.
E 1 VN 1 vm G ο ο 50 500 1 se, 111 tifrum. Zachar. V 111. 19. Here.
Rony. Kidduß.
E 1 VN 1 vm T H B and H. ix Tevet. Zachar. VIII. 19. Kidduß ;.
PHvR 1M John month. Ester. 1 1 macabre. Div. XT.
IE 1 VN 1 V 1000 AB, from sixty. Zachar. VII. 11. 19. Kidduf $ 5 force.
TEM P O R R B vs. E z 500 AE, and P o s T.
C Lo c a ni a 1000 A C A B AE 1 Matt Cafleu. Macabre.
E S T 1 5 1 1 1 A A A A's, XXIII Ijar abrogata.1. 11 and macabre.
E S T 1 v 1 = A 500 A A A A fourteen month annulled. 1. 11 & macabre.
50 P O R Y H O 1 A, XXII From annulled. Iofephus. 2. αλάσεως. d.
748 Άά άνλοφοςίον writes the book αλάσεως ongoing. τη δ άς τΖν άνλο.
4 'gioy & ogrjs 8am ;, & © £ 7 WA'w τἐρωμὸ τςοσφάν And so, όπως μήποτε.
igo4) τὰ πυρ λέτο'6. διαμέρα $ άσάτον αά. Iohafin. panper as vniasu.
Issa i> = VA is PYY 137B fathers moflri osserebant in it (the festival) offered.
XX 1 1 From the end of the wood. Traditional Nechemiyah beyond the cap. x. 34..
XIII. 51. In both places called by a Greek interpreter = yyn Tampa and colorings.
% v o4ogia be likewise d'âgoy âvx946%). It was coanno, which Ven.
Dtit Iofephus xiv Augustus involved, as is clear from them that the long term.
teruallo intcriicit writing τω λός Lot menfis was fifteen, that is ,.
XT August. τῆ δ ζής (τατέκωσικατη δ η A4a ulwò) ögumaa »iai tlu.
Aire & yiaw. The year is to? He was not vndecimus of Nero 's definen. Therefore.
The cycle was Sunday xvnI. For the first year, Nero began to cycle.
Sunday VIII. and it is confirmed that those who fubiicit the killing of the band.
Homan Saturday feptimi Gorpiaei, that is, September. So F.
eratlitera Sunday, and consequently the true aspirations cycle.
These were Solis65o: 1 o s e p h s c a 1 1 50 G E R 1.
Sunday was eighteen.

Page 213

 He A.
tifrum week, leaving 377 to be transferred to the fexta 7, September XXI.
Éroinde moon of Elul preceding Scria force, her XXII 1. From se.
Syria 1 V, July XXIV. 11 For from the 14 of August, therefore, there was a twenty. Or at all.
is the new moon, or eight, or fifteen, or Luke, or the xxix day of the month Elul a wider audience.
£ V "p3e by the need to prevent the collision of the week" on which he did not.
allowed to carry timber. Atquineomenia and nine facrae were Friday.
The new course of the year. viii, therefore, or fifteen, to that extent they were able to a wider audience.
But those days appear to other ceremonies exceptae. Therefore Xylophoria.
From celebrating XXI 1. In lib. Orah Haiim Rabbcnu Jacob Ben Afcr.
Law, in which mcnfibus the feast notably those vocarier »% ^ :.
From among them. fanb OSV oyyip w iay iyp A8. From a king, which was in that caebis.
NT der timber infàcrificium.Vocat the sxo% ^ ^ ouoiav than Iofephus ἐν.
x "po2ià or ἀνλοφόe / A. It is not we find that she finds a modern Auetores, that is.
For this cause, while he opened to us the antiquity. And other observations have ,.
but the state may Tekuphoth a year Iuliano. n ysg day again, that is ,.
x ¥% e% ω, which is in Its November in Julian. A vii O and October, ,.
it is the beginning of the year Solaris Jewish people to XXII November, in.
clufiue, 47 days were: the first menfis diluuij and XVII fecun.
menfis gods, and the deluge began. For He is the day of the workers of the Litany of the.
raindrops that call = √ | IPN and read from Genef that moment.
spin to the flood. Since then, the state, in order to inuestic.
all these facts to him the same mcthodo of servitude, and which I, too, you in the Tekupha. 5.
tio 5; 57 will close out their mysvr xi Cafleu. 281 cycle flux.
They account by the Jewish people in the year 17. taken together excesses.
24. 18. io7 the addition of 5 hours and scruples. nouilunij: 1. 2 o9.Col.
and selected the z 5. 5. 2 O4. which by means of the rule of perpetual alertness dies 47.
2. collected at day 7 5 2 O4: a head tifrum to nºsti, fine λι% yeia.
However tranflatio what happened from the first to the second. Therefore the road.
Nat 71 days from the tifrum the litany inclufiue. For the year.
logarithm. Menfibus first two derive their values, namely dicbus.
6o, pending vndecima Cafleu the λ% νείας. In addition, they had.
the notorious forced through a fine myn fingulos menfe. Mass.
= n * T * is also mentioned in the book. .
v. · 1) IESDE E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 50 1000, p. 7. 651.
A nùyn '' dies an RV Gari M.
N 1 = A X.
1. dead / AMT son Aaro.
Mary N. AMORIE nsar pºntyi.
1. Matt son died% loss Num.
1 1 A Reason.
x. A4oritur £ li Pom. Max. And both her sons. tefi box is taken ;.
momtj.
XXVIII. Jemu'el dies Prophet. Is mourned by all this people..
 SivvA X.
B XXI 11. pgg? // that Jerusalem and the first begotten of the environments, as the time of Jeroboam.
"Filîj% lands. .
XXV. Rabbah Jimeon killed by the son of Gamliel, Rabbi J / ^ Mael, rabbit ;.
 Hamina Dyrijm under tyo 7% αυγκελ © dgxgepáòy.
XXV11. Master // Amina was burned along with his son Tardion read the book.
PTA 1000 anywhere.
XT 11. shattered 7Tabulae law. Lapses & D \ Agylaudc. Vrbsfißa. Apostd.
librumlgia customer burns. It assumes that the statue in the temple..
A B.
I AMORIE Aaron / acerdos. .
9. DeCretz #! /? C0 /? Nofiras parents against the Jews, I 9magogas force mi.
100 ludeas or, lest they might go into the land of Judah to reign. 5e / òlatur.
The first house, 65 a secondary consideration. .
xvi 11. extinguished lamp or / stubbornness days in.
 EL v L.
xvi 1. Moriuntur explorers dissamauerant earth.
 A 1 s t i
Gedaliah Ahikam 111 falls along with the Jews, who were with.
the TM AMazpa. .
v. Xx Ifraelites die. Rabbi Akiba son Iofephus coniiciturin Tin.
Through where mgri.
1. The decree of the contrary, by virtue of our fathers, that they might destroy them with the sword, and with hunger, and? e.
See, on account shall be made. .
MA C H E R N A • S vv.
1. Excæcarunt eyes Sedekiae V 1 and 5 children are before him iugularunt.
CA's 50 E v. .
XXVIII. Jehoiakim combufit volume, which ßripferat 3aruch, diëtamte 1e.
Remi. TH E B E T H.
vii 1. The law is written in Greek, those Ptolemœi RGU. 3 days in the dark.
'Vnius / um world. •.
These were: 1 x. % \ Out.
$ ®.
V.
i. !.
[4.
 6: 1 o s e p h s c a 50 1 1 G E R 1.
X. It is not ßripßrunt AMagifiri on us, So they have to day is a noteworthy fact. A.
x. blocked hier / usquebaugh King Bagylonia.
SC H E B A T.
v. The elders are dying, which were equal lines / 2AE filiJ% \ nm.
XXII. Congregatifùnt every 1 / raelitæ the Beniamis, because of the forces.
ten and up Micah.
 A Reason to.
1 v 1. .31oritur Mofes Master Moster, who im peace and quiet / going.
1 x. E) ecreto fast, because the chola $ 5 and $ ammai school.
"Among Hillel / taken out furiously.
These are the days when a kind prescribed by law. In the others shall not come only to be eaten ,.
does not drink V / belonging to five / bag. B.
Always tifrum G AT) Vt vacation, which niy P call, Canonestra.
acknowledgment, it is now Tekupharum. Tekupha tifrum is to be always on the third ,.
Or o'clock hour, which is indicated by a letter Numeraries, b i. See La.
terculum above the holidays.
 Always Tevet 500 1000 A, 1000 A 1) i is the mark of four. 5 is a sign!.
femissem meanings. 'GNO. Always Tekupha tifrum a quarter and a half!.
hour. In the first year of Lustri to about 4; Day.

Page 214


1 O also play the role of the day, this is an hour and a quarter femisse afternoon 1.
In the third hour of 4- night. In the final hour of 1 o; Noet. ie.
to about 4; After midnight the night. Tevet is the Tekupha radiation.
femisse hour and a quarter. . 100 C.
$ Always% Ni / am T H A V) if the NN beginning. iest fexta hora.Sem.
the hour by means of a complete Tekupha Nifanius is the main force, to grovel, or Sunday. , or of princes.
the principle of the night, or Sunday. See Laterculi. .
$ Always Tamuz, 1000 A, 1000 A z) s for the first time, oh nynpe is halved.
joy. Always Tekupha of Tamuz for the first time since femisse. In the year.
In the first census of the Jewish hour. 7; Night. The first hour of the No.
And tie with femisse. In the ongoing hour. 1 .; Day. In the year three times.
ratio 7: Night. This is the first hour of the femisse. In the last chapter.
I.4 hour of the night. • • • * '.
The air animorum Amundus) Third party account pertaining Jews.
the έμαόα χόω. ERA artificial world that period called D.
cent, nor more than what was to be criticized requires no more than both to the Greeks, who is the same.
cenfeo of sua period. Defunt account of the Jewish year.
Of the world, of the year 189..
For entry Ifraelis *) When Ifraelis on the ground is the first of the year.
The first week. Jewish year, is well known for 7 diuifa give the truth.
feptimanae year. By the year 2 488 7 diuifa give 3. The third year.
fèptimanæ entered cssent ground, which is inept. Supreme God.
®. "BeneficioD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 2 B. v. ,, c.
u.
Abcneficio year highway Jews preserved, how.
Saturday days. It was not possible to ignore the year because a.
on probation observed. Jeremiah, ch. Writing to nine evacuation :.
He is the god of hosts, O Israel, so he brought everyone ,.
and I went up to Jerusalem and ordered the Babylon: Build ye houses, &.
they live with / for gardens and their fiucfibus Vessie, Sec.
Of course, if they cultivated gardens and their farming, and the rest.
feptimi of the year, therefore, observed, because he is thy God shall command Exodus.
XXII, 1 Oh. the year of cessation, which in lonely exile here, whence we observed, it.
it has previously watch and observe the day. as a listener.
_ Di desirable that some uninformed that they impudcntissime year Sab.
Bbaticum Jews neglectus was on probation. But the laws which he made iflius.
Lycurgue fanciunt, soil fungi and trees, not in humans that.
or at least see the letters. One critically, said this year was £.
Batica on probation were not enforced? But in so many exiles.
various watch every day. And at a probation not be processed.
They? But, to bear my leisure time, I will abutor, who are the reason for these very toys of toys.
film. .
•! D pulled contraótuum) are arranged at intervals, she is, she fern.
fuum are outside the limit. The high ComputoIudæorum Ger.
manenfium, which he hath given me the gift of a man of eruditiss. B. Vulcanius, they are.
and the other parts are the same age, but a lot of times contradictory. Maleau.
ctem age thereof contraets decide to account for the year was 3449. She was.
For the year 345o, except I it is of importance, that the year of contracts, it is the lees of.
menfibus epoch Alexandrcam anteuerteret other places show.
forth. But it is false. In fact, from the beginning to in the contraets at all.
Tifrum and moons wage calculated by the same tifrum. Pure.
Calippica phase Alexandria vtebantur, the same is true in the Talmud.
Ira and county JWN used to demonstrate tifrum, was beginning.
contraets, Nifanius autemsolennitatum. Iofephus talking about the antagonists.
violence, αιό δτά 7td6® *% K%%%% ακοσίος ό JD) Náz8 * dgχῆς and ».
μ'wi% 1ig®, A "p $ άδ Mακεδάω λεγομέγω, 1000? Great * E & αίων eggs.
græ $ ό Aiyóìoi jraw δέωχότες. Mwüwj, J Roy Nizdò, oc II Zw% x} ς ,.
500% O %% μάλα τςόεν άπί AIS 6e / za, X3 tät * J3 Ayjjie Re; E% from 7%; oaya.
Ύω. 3 *; ** 5 AJT, the patient dtdaag tdgä; %% Àον ​​τιμας ἐχει.ά μέραγε ἀd ;.
groups $ and rlu) d) \ n \ cixnoi τὸ πᾶν κόσμον δεφλαâ. Old Pa.
raphrastes first Chaldean Kings VIII, 2, and writes from the rich.
and H A N 1 1000, which ran into the menfem tifrum ~ n i P Spiry suna.
nsyav srv if y> n £ men TP in / out, which in old days called for the first time ,.
But now he / eptir. A tifrum the Syromacedonum with that.
the bus submissive ἐρ όό έ έγ τςασεω epochas education. And so we are.
 These were æræ654 3 1 1 e p h o s s c a 50 1 G E R 1.
the air is said to be ri ^ gt; yaue ę avußo? e iai ^ aj ^ »y. Otherwise have been unsuccessful A.
and to us, if the other two brass »and the other of the year had begun, it is too.
it would be so in a proclamation of the kings of Syria, fancitum rum. w.
Æt sealed vißonem) batch was interpreting the words of Daniel.
the IE SV 'of 1000 e s s 1 1 50 1 A F O 500 E 1 ~ * a * jiir, einr. He did not even.
adipfum IE svM relate quifuit claufula vifionis & prophecy with.
is reported for the first time that the son of Seleucus Nicator to the Amnum, from whose posterity.
You touch the temple. I wonder whether the author of the book fentiat committee.
tifîîmi Macabæorum a former Cap.IX. 27. & E% 3λίως & μεγαλm.
Iaeg} n and λ, πς Göz D4 #% '% & * íuíegς Gox ó43n ago4 aJfi ;: one.
there should be carefully noted and examined. Some of the ancient things.
They took àd pollution Temple under Antiochus out of Daniel. B.
Iofephus of prophecy, then slack off at all, when the pre grains.


Page 215


fice, send the elderly, and even c years to come.
sua happened by itself. Writing periods of the year Iulianae 48o7.
This has happened in the year 46o7.qui terms with 2 O 5 Seleucidarum ,.
So it happens that plufquam 56 years after the common house.
Is it not, which fell upon hold together. Now there can be more than that needs to be approved ,.
A pebble their second V 1 1000, another T H 1 1000 1000 vM called.
This is% d λωσιν, ἀ ἀλή3 {do, so they turn seventy & Son, if Iefus.
Rack. In fact, the Septuagint, indeed, Vrim & Thummim; and they turn the ἀλ &.
ό αλῆ $ {AW. Iefus of Sirach, chap. XXXIII, πύδς ό νόμ® and ς ἐgωπμαG.
J λων%. This is like Vrim & THUMMIM. Ælianus the books Fla.
hymn to write the history of ancient Egypt made, eofdem & fàcerdotes fuif.
or fe, of which are suitable for Smaragdus of cxim & neck, a huge vo.
the cat was dλ% 9% DV. .
ssed Kingdom family Ha / Muma), although more than four years gods.
cit, however, opens her from Fe to understand the kingdom of Hyrcanus, then you seized me ,.
when he was governor of the Citadel, the burning of. See lib. v.
• To hagarena Kingdom) straight once interpreted as smoke Kingdom.
Herod. For Herod of. After fufpitio is confirmed.
the account of the Jews, by the Great Germanenfium. From the kingdom of Herod _.
5 years; 17. Calculate what was written, the number of years D.
1691 manifest error librarij in 1591. Dedu and tie it 1 591 DC.
3317, remain the same size, which is 372 6. peifpicue it.
Herod's start by taking a Sofia at.
& 4d pulled Christians) aera Christian is lacking in the price.
Compute the Germans as also Æra Ifmaelitarum. The year of Judas.
CUS 37 6o The year 4712 was a period of Julian Constantinopolitanus.
JPafkhalis 5 5o8, a year before the birth of Christ productive year.
Dionyfium.D E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 1000 V 50 1 E. 7. 6 ;;.
A Dionyf. Christmas productive Dionyf Matt December.
3. So the year 471 37 6 1 The Jewish year is the year in which birthday.
Christ productive Dionyf. Thus the year 1596 monkDemophilus Christ.
be the beginning of the Jewish year 53 57, those devices and productive year.
Christians, 1597. /.
caeci destruction of the temple / ecundum) If a head compiiti the VA year.
state temple, there are præclfe the year 3828, the year of 38 to 29, is in.
the temple is destroyed. However, the less one year. There has been an.
mis 38; O, in other places of the Iofephus is pointed out.
In fact, the B / olut mass) or, as in the Hebraifmo ​​to seal.
Mifha. Rabbi Simon P. scripfit Mauer, this is a \ & jlígædij. For.
τάς ταττοσὰ} ότιςάγέλας, and all known Babbinica the Greek fathers EC.
clefiastici% d jkgjg call. Ephiphanius D & ssligavís, íí agog% t £; ''.
YD $ j \ a $ chain; <;, μία ἐς όνομα Møøíèç 4% EGU n. Rieger d% d | j $ xata.
$$ out of the Pα ££ Axißd p. τζίτη to OA, ie, 4J4. terggM tjy 8 araus J / D / E ,.
So here it is written in the Jewish year 3949. Egoalibi find.
52. In the computer a 39 year high Compofita Mifna the year.
$; 17, are thought to 1 year; 68. Therefore, the atmosphere is adcompofitionem.
Mifhae, of the year 39 57. Is it not, it is agreed among them. It had a history.
Elias mo clear, with a preface in Maforeth Hammaforeth gods.
cit Talmud published in 3989, and that year was 436 atem.
Temple had been destroyed. Both of these, false.
Claufula Amores) Sophista íí åêÜlaggaeo) called flue Mifna.
they are, do this, the legacy d), òòdoxa o ;. and d \ & jkgards turns Epi.
phanius: the surname of Just, Rabbi Simeon: whose prince was ,.
VUimus was Rabbenu Hakkado (§. Sophistæ the Talmud called sybs ,.
χωμολόγοι so journey from Chris, which proclaimed that snow gods.
outs in Latin s c 1 TA are the Sophists high.
it was against. The last Raben, and Rabbi AFE. These are the gods and TI.
• syos y ^^ p / o ^ άγοι χ € n5ομα $ es. Fuccessunt them - spi Magnificent ;.
fi's with, however, addressed in the Bible; The name comes fubstantiuum. Look for Elias.
fue tisb. .
• Adconstantinum) Year of Jewish 4o3; monkDemophilus = 273 to Christ.
in winter. The year they were first 3o7. Discussing the year.
4. Only 3 mistakes.
Jerusalem Talmud) This is a head Æræ Iudaicæ the statement.
nom Talmud of Jerusalem, there are thought to be 29. Meanwhile, in the years of the great 42.
Germanenfi computing, from the air, and the year 5317, year 1188 ,.
Therefore, from the air, comes to the Talmud 29. Why 42 years.
it was agreed they together with this our God. ' .
Talmud Babylon) 5o8 year from birth up its Bio.
 III 4, nyfium ;.
1) 656 1 o s e p h e r 1 1 1 s c a 50 ".
nyfium Rabbi Afe from a set down by Rabbi Simon the Just Jobs & Rabbi A.
For Talmud Babylon weave. But the death busy developed.
as well as the work left to Whose sonnes, Mor, & Maremar vote to acquit.
The big account from the Talmud Babylonij edition of the year.
5317, considered the year ioo9. Therefore a head serse to editione Tal.
mud Babylonijs of the year 43o8. 42 65. But here there is, therefore, a lot of the dif.
to applause. An error in Computomagnoauétoris or librarij, not.
hesitate to say. .
Magijlri lover Moss) Work excellent, Digests to.
tins of canon and civil figure Jewish Talmud. Called.
i that is, the hands, the Tractatus arranged in XIV. In fact, they even said.
equal XIV. .


Page 216


rus stupor, rey hoc est,Sareptam Syriæ Franciaminterpretantium.
& in£p Hifpaniam, & iatis Alemaniam. Haétenus Computus anni.
Iudaici, quo nihil accuratius, nihil perfeétius in eo genere: vt no.
stris conditoribus cyclorum Paschalium, & epaétarum per illos me.
lius hanc artem aut discere liceat, aut tacere,.
CoM PWD E E M E N D A T. T E M P o R v M L 1 B. V II. 65z.
A. C O M P V T V S S A MA R I T A R V M.
*»/JJN.2NQW/Tr.T;X2NI. 3ss.SjWS\ ps sTv rijs ny Eva.
„QY£N.3X3rfTF.X3f|T32NI.3fJ;& ins njn, yfiºs'n;>.
2N3XQNJG ANX.3,2,NUG.JTÌ3:2)N'SI cyiiSTi jii8) D'Ti*sIj fi'S.
*)XaW/Tj.2N:\.y/TN.X*j3X£V3XAVA.Iiv;\s2 ps 87i>II, i337) Yiijii.
S\YU) MiX.YY£2N1TYX.S!j3«©ASANI.fJT32 NUM apyy Tryy ciys Ii'is.
>a3Nx.3Wsg.>>«A\xa\3xfTx iTs rj> yiis, pii,.
:3Yk'32DX.QAStj NΠΥ\XS\\\}2)NJX t= ye ntys, y';si.
āWJ.3%XA\\\. N*\αSA .$*%2.sJ/TY /T rve iyiis nay c5? ■p;.
7\3fJT.S°j ^XfTÍN XS\\.fTÍ3:2\\.3X3&fjj 55 —ynias Iiºsin,.
t($S\ TrX.$%/T5U7).7)2NS!}:\:\.J}:\/TXXy Tn;n Epy5 Abs Cy Dy'y.
B Aa/TN.a%ws\xAw) :ganN *m visy : Ens.
35S!J\NSA.§.N>)V. /TTWA^a.N3 N ¥£ P^®®ga i r^J'j '9Τ Γβηη.
NXUW./T. 2\).A \\t2\\.\\xgy ryv ; —y — nºs ribs.
xxY2A.3.&gx/TT.og.aNvyxv2>¤ î u% i à pr i *v ***).
:\U2.3t.QAAN. y VJ N37 fi ^is in.
NxOwv.2U.gqw92N.Nxgm nyv i y Einpºs r*.
*3A>v2.A.2.m2.39.awoxxzxx no* w**** Esy si.
•2 »N.33ΠΤΩ.3S3.A 5 »p» i> ;.
NXVJVNX.2\Q.QA7\?N , N><Sg>ΠΥ r— yuj | wy ^By n^:.
4XT\2JX2/T2.3Sj.QVWVYX.N2NX 4 vi* \ — *) jo vy. rm\7n.
\2/^V.QANUfTTN.°JSJ  §* i nsis in.
C nxww.m.2o .VJ f7fS\SA.NXS*j3ÌY r—myuj % iy yyan rii^*.
xv2.\.§. gxm.os ave.mtzntx ** 8 * E* 1°vw 'nºn'.
· · 2.X.iym a3.39}7\ % i pa5 in $.
IN N o M 1 N E 1 A H Dei Ifrael. Non est fimilis 1 A H Deo nostro.
* IE H o v A vnus, Deus Deorum, & Dominus Dominorum: Deus ma.
nus, fortis , & terribilis. Non est fimilis Deo 1 E S c H v R vN , Deo A.
braham,Ifaac, Iacob, Iofeph,& Domini nostri Mofis, & Aharon,&.
Eleazar ,&Ithamer,& Phinhas. Sanciat vobis bencdiétionem Domini.
nostri Mofis.
IE H o v A Deus Patrum vcstrorum adiiciat fuper vos , quot cstis,.
D mille vices, & benedicat vobis. Co M P vT v S A N N I C C X.
OBSIGN ATI o M E N s iv M A NNI SEPTIMI IN sc H E M 1T A H.
CoNivN c TI o Elhagiath fuper decem horas& dimidium,&de.
cimam a die fecunda, tertia, in fexta Adar. v. xxxI. .
' CoNivN c T 1 o Muharram fuper tres horas , & dimidium, & de.
' cimam a noéte quarta , in Phafè quarta Nifan. I. xxx.
Co N 1vN c T I o Tzephar fuper fex horas, trientem, & decimam a.
no&te fexta, in quarta Ijar. 111. xxxi. •.
Co N iv N c T I o Rabie fuper decem horas & tricefimam decimæ a.
die feptima, prima, in tertia Sebin. VI. xxx..
 yoïn658  I o s E p H I S c A L I G E R I.

(+QVV\/îî.2)UX.U/JJSASA.NXJ3\ yu s… —y yx^ nisy A.
2fTjZ.XJ.3jY£.fTTN2,NX.°) fTfN2\UX 'i', in pon •nºn pnbn.
N 2,\\;{XjN.^j.S\.XT\2.S\ §', & fipn p $ ii$ $.
3 QVINUJ}.2,U)./TjA*T\JNXJ3\ rytj sgi vy *ipi nox.
A\.°jXfTT.jJ.3)J\£./TTNZNX^V2Z\X. “ â ci* j^ prn •nºn x'iam.
\NA. A.S\N(. y°j.\JXT\2, *~&% % as p ix',.
3.3&*yW.fTfVWAY£XNVNSA i r.ytj»g in vsn.
NX^X33.®\GJVNVSA ristri rgpya.
„NxVW\5.2U,1743"\.NXJY rmyú ú úy ibi r—mp;.
2, XVZJt.2, (TÍ2,33:2fTÍN.2NX. % \i\ ii — *■ p pnhn.
2.4\.S\\\\.'\Sj m % % as p.
„NXV»VV%\£.2XQSXYSA.NUXS*j>jY Pyv n y an iex ,.
S'jXITT.°y°j.3°j 1*.fTTNU2NCK.N2,NX; tom p^ opm nºnnm nºnnm.
2X2 ΠΊ\\\.^ J.XG\'\\%tXTX25§ X. mys i^ v$ annº, i ;.
 .2 & : % i.
N><VVV%A.2\y:\\9AVVNVNUX°j?Y Pywj h y fwxyù nox.
N.2ΠΤ2.°¥$ 9ANNV}.fTÍN2,NX.NU2NX, § '■'■ f^ nvy in in nºn.
N.2.S\.fTToAWN.'yS*j \\tº\JXTV 2, »<% à nvn f^ n$ mi$.
„NxVW.x,2o S^yXvY\\*jo\.NX>ym rmyv h y piynn npy.
XT\2.SA.S*JXfT.^SJS\NNV}.fTT\2\\X, ii', 5 =i* p ^vy nºn.
2.3. »S\W\$.¥$Xºx % h pvºp i^ i>.
NxVyW.3.2 Q.2\\XW.NXSjTn niyù h 'y %siv npy.
JXT\2A.2fTX.'»>j$\W Q.fTIN2NX hx% % % % p ^vy n%nc.
\2,§.J fTÎ2G3A.'\S3Xf\  §'; } r=150> j^ \$.
NXWW^\.2\).ExAWXY2,\\.NXJ2N , nyu i %y r Typºs nos,.
A^JXYZ.Ex.SjXfTT>3.°»TTNA2NX i> ii' ii m in pnim.
J\\\2,^\.NSAITVS.3S9  »' i rab in.
CoN 1 vN c T 1 o Rabie fuper x1 horas & tricefimam, & tricefi.
mam quintæ a noéte fecunda in fecunda Tamuz. I. xxxi.
CoN iv N c T 1 o Giumadifuper vndecim horas,& dimidium,&.
tricefimam quintæ a dic tertia quarta in prima Ab. I v. xxxi.
CA PVT N E o M E N I A R vM A N NI VII. I N s E M 1T A H.s vcco T H.
CoNivN cTI o Giumadi fupcr Ix horas, & tricefimam a no&e.
quinta in tricefima Ab. I v. xxx. .
Co N 1 vN c T 1 o Regeb fuper viii horas, & trientem & tricefi.
mam quintæ a die fexta feptima in Solenni xxix Ilul. vii.xxx.
CoNivN c TI o Sahaben fuper quinquc horas, & trientem, & tri.
cefimam decimæ a noéte prima in xxviii Tifri. 11 xxxi.
CoN1v N c TI o Ramazun fupcr quinque horas & tricefimamde.
cimæ a die fecunda in xxvi Marscheban. v.xxx.
CoNivN c TI o Schewal fuper v horas & tricefimam decimæ, a.
noéte quarta in xxv1 Caflim. vII. xxxi.
Co Niv N c TI o Elkadathi fuper tres horas, & tricefimam a die.
quinta in xxiii Tibeth. 1 1 1. xxx i, tcwjiDE E M E N D A T. T E M P o R v M L 1 p.

Page 217

 659.
A * M $ x.3 \ W $ .3x3m.sws.
^} SANU.N 10% FT / TfQS \ SA.3fTye \ S \ 3XWXNA.
S4fAN.
3 XNXS NS * * * f.2NI.S% ANU. %%.
(3 ^ .NW.3 *) W, f / TWVXWX 35W.
2NI223 <j.U. TY.Y% $ \ Wx3 \\. 3% Ti.
B) \ X3j.33.1XX y \ *. G) S \ .ASAfTf, \ Q *.
AV312 \ 100 \ N. 2 \ N XVW. \ ¥ 3. ° y ^ 1.>: XJ2 ,.
"\ 2Z \ .2.4YS \ S \ Q.XX.Y £ 2VV.23Y.
S \ 10 \ ¥¥ .2XVXS \ W.2S \ y> <VyC \ .2Y.
 NY). \ £ QAN.VX \ E.
B x / T2U.s% 3aSANA.2 No. 3 TioyGc ¢.
'' W.S'JfTÌ7 ^^ ^ 3 \ 2 \ NU.S J / ty 'yW.S ^ & * jX2XW3.
JTjWWX.3 and the US \ VVX.3 \ * \ VV.JfTÍNNUJX.
. \. Q \ * \ w.
> RfΠ2, U), S * J3 & QS \\. 2YU.S \ XVN * YX.
S \ YVQfTj. © X £ V / T N.SºjX2XW3e.
U \ .N3Y. ° YSA.TÍX 2; .A§.
sjx2w3 20.aw * * va.géso.
n.3's $ a.sJ W / SW \ Z \ 3G :: \ Y.
UG ax.sjmVWWx.3% W.NxNsi.
S \ y \\. 2, NU. <¥ VVS'j. *) * S * jX.S Jfy * VV.
nºyai ^^ vyj njn Cys.
Iyāsu NNA nºnam visne.
f) in.
r ^ mis § D $ r.
Raf nu m = r * v.ny.
'*' ° ne.y gp.ί my wish.
Say n'gine, no Tiin.ab iy.nj.
τυχans' s pvv .15 n j j.
155. I5 NY .'if n'juj hºp.
ninj .'i5 ιηψ. $. IP YN. *}.
y nºn .oy.
t'y = -s = ya son.
W o r Yays coiyug% YN.
T ... JT) nyawj, NGG - nsgi.
 Thus.
WW -Inys's aivy.
ipy. 5 Py.5. = Iyn.
 »V ririp.> J y.ii.
t * g * y rujna NJ pnpy.
congp rum.> a.
Yen WT) Figure riisp.
i ciyw njoj end of it.
avev ya issr, cbyn> n.
IN N o mine 500 e f a c e c e happy 1A 1000 VS VT 500 O N A T twice.
PR 1 N c 1 P 1 vm creation in the creation of our father Adam. Ah.
Of Adam, to the death, being a hundred and thirty years were finished.
Enos x c. Keinan LXX. Mahelalel Lxxv. 1. Jared LXi son.
Sheth c 5 years.
Isa. Methufalach Him. 1. Noah lamech 51 1 500 c. AR.
phacfàd Wind. Salach exxx. Heber exxxiv. Peleg thirty ,.
Re'u exxxii. Serug exxx. Nahor thereto. Tarah seventies.
Nv 1000 E R 1 to Abraham, peace be upon whom it is sent, the years of bifmille 'du.
fexaginta teaches seventh.
A 1000 R S T V R is to be really of Abraham, peace be upon whom it is sent. (Abraham) c.
P Ifaac Lx. Jacob VOL. Levi Hi. Kahath Lxxi. Amran Lxxv.
Moses then, peace be upon whom it is sent, a hundred and twenty.
NVM e r 1, about five fexaginta five years. A Mofe however ,.
to the fuccinctionem of Ephod, of the priests who ministered.
Qpi66o o s e p h 1 13 1 50 1 S C A G E R 1.
3fTÍNN3X3 \ n $ rTÌ7 \ 2 \ $ * WJA _ "" "" "Dy £ 'is Kejř A.
"° JfTî '\ VWS \ WVX.3RVS 3X *} ^ 3 ^ \ w' = 'we * JV fubíigü.
3VWSJY £ 9ai \ G> 33: 9AA © .3fTf3rjTi Iypri ¬ £ ^ I EPN mini.
<$ Ftio \ S \ NX.3 OSW.3% W% / TIZA2N = yyns, NY ryav Oisy.
• Q ^ \ W3.3.1TIS3. ° 3 17.2 * \ .3% W yyR rvam - I is my.
2LX2fTfN -mºns.
fTfQVVN 'yn.
ASAS 3SANN ^ *! fatnnn.
S * T * A JfTj2,3S = "p2.
jNMT} \\ S S R so.
VSS \ W vag.
"© AAN end ;.
*) GofTj y Jey B.
CANVTVN us.
* YfTfSA3 »PA ?.
$ XSJNl it.
S \\\ us.
Π'yV qanï "y * m.
in the tabernacle, two thousand, two hundred and quindecimanni. Does not beat top ,.
quinquics mille quadragintafeptcm.
.
of the year, to the dicmfanaticiimpostoris.
Ilul.
Exquisitely C.
Marcheschban.
Caflus.
Tebith.
Schebat.
Month.
Nifanius.
Ijar.
Sebin.
Tamuz.
Ah.
One month.
In SA.
CD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. B. V 1000 50 1 5 2. 66i.
C.
¢.
A A A A A 1 1 N S A 1000 5 1000 5 1000 A N N N o t ae ,.
S ..., which Judas cºni> Arabs "$} • • l called.
common people colluuies be fated agreed on later.
Kings head XT 11 is equal to or disillusioned. Cine, out of the.
nim things of the Jews, the fever does not men of the Hebrews were, nor could the Jews for all damage.
the blood ties are concerned, publicly declared that the author of it.
Iofephus. The nation today, above the Jews, the whole past time, too.
that the ipfos care ignarissima. At Mount Gerizim appointment.
fedes & fàcrarium religion have the wherewithal to fč want to be called.
IB is out $ "JJJ32 c.» J relevant to us benediâum mountain. , nor from the.
in the time of the Exodus to have been expulfos be from thence any time, or from elsewhere.
in here than out of Egypt, he, Mofe immigrasse, they believe in. Kings veterans.
a thing of Samaria, and the failure of the tribes of x, impulfore Jeroboam, do not.
ever even five. The names Samfonis, Samuel, David ,.
Incidentally perstriéta and others have in the Chronicle that free Iofueab.
what is said. The rest of the time they are completely foreign. And the street.
in every town, in the country of Samaria, and they dwell, of which the principal cities of Asia the FLA.
Cæfarea process and Flauia Naples, which was once give. Master Saad.
In Targuin fue Arabian S1 C H E 1000 turns Nablus, that is, to.
Flauia by the Romans, with the surname of the colony could derive from the Vefpafianus ,.
Cex colonists was Justin Martyr. In fact, that of Neapolis, a.
Of Samaria was inhabited, on account of the common folk is calling for the care of the Samaritans the Iu.
Thurstan, shall he do not he is a Samaritan and that he is at any rate. For dzsstiruM% y.
fe is calling for, and to the Gentiles, writing, shall give the cause, for they were like Hellenifmo.
the Christianifmum rebelled. He has been & G and incircuncifus ,.
he was not able to be the Samaritan. Ephiphanius mistake, therefore, that by Justin.
Samaritis Christians tranfiisse says that Xao> auagefí?) Him; Jc /.
ςόν τεττ56vy% a /. For those who have led a colony which, the Samaritans the ve.
mince residents were expelled. Colon and sway to the same ancient inhabitants.
were the Samaritans had made, & the new colonists, the Greeks, or the Romans will come, in which Iu.
500 (Linus. Samaritis William Postellus about whether to write two.
Twelve languages ​​discusses things that are worth studying, then repeat.
háuriat Although neither lose attention. Now we are far from the very transparent.


Page 218


This is from the current among Arria Mount depromfimus stops v.
the public of the day confeóta the way of Sebaste approach, which is Samaria, and the same, in which '.
King Ahab, the king again interrupted Ifrael / arbors. There was, however, amæmiß.
10 KK / o s e p h íma662 1 1 1 50 S C A G E R 1.
Fima City on the mountain / So lovely sources, 6 channels; water € $ A.
gardens, orchards, bonds and olives no Jew may remain.
no. From these two leagues Yables% (N O P E A 50: 1) there is a difference S 1 C H E M
Once l £ t in Mount Ephraim, but no Jew / amt: City falls.
the depths of the valley, between the mountains of Gerizim and Ebal in the oh, in which the Cuthei.
About a hundred are only taken AMofaicae the only observers. These ,.
• I used, the Samaritans call. They are / àcerdotes is posted.
Sommer, Aaron facerdotú% in peace, that being, who with many other con.
nubia riding bicycles, Niss with the families of the / 2AE to the women or the men with him, so that the kind of.
conferuent thoroughly, generally appellanturque place Aharomitae :.
Nevertheless, officials and First 5 / àcerdotes of the Samaritans. Pa.
depth of sacrifice, burning offerings im $ 6 ynagoga than B.
have in Mount Gerizim, citing what he / riptei is within the law :.
E T 500 B 1 S B E N T E 500 1 100 1 5 S P E R O N E 1000 1000 1000 G o nt e a_.
A 1 x 1 IPSS it is true to say that Marcus & uarij or $ (ViPens).
Imdur was burnt on Pha /? • diebusfuper from the other holidays.
Ram conflru and am in Mount Gerizim, and the children of the stones J / Rael out.
Jordan / ublata. They give true / £ /? out of Ephraim, the tribe to navigation by. The head of these words.
The / epulchrum just Iofephus son Jacob, our ancestors in peace quießentis ,.
how it is Iofephus and bones, which are to 1 / ^ sel from ae_.
Egypt from / Bring to $ Iches / or stored. Do without these three l ;.
VRRI waste. H E is the name Abraham, H E T H, the name of the Itzhac, A 1 X.
in the name of Jacob, the place of which aleph, that is to say, / Thy Spirit of thin / assij 100;.
tuun. The / ignore obviously can not be refuted by 1 / Rael descendants.
and / Emin, lamb / € or law M40% for these three letters beside them.
different by. on / scratching the /? dead from pollution and bones, G5.
DCCI / rum and / epulchri. Custom and this is vefies which everyday v.
tuatur progress with the same our Synagogue / it, and wash waters heart.
Thus, other / Mie clad only in this vfum underway.
This Eflque daily usage. Those are his words. From what has amply.
fes especially busy this nation to know Defiderius. But no harm.
Letters fycophantia Jewish man. For the same number of letters, so that the bond a.
less or more Pentateuch read, and that the head of EFI, letters.
not adulterated, as a Jew, but the sheer Mofaicis Characters that entirely 500 *.
Postello the story goes, and it ipfas talks. Does not dare to say ,.
COS, which was once the worship of the abuses, thinking that the diferte i.
Kings present in the second chapter xvii, 29, 3o, 31, 3 1; COS say ,.
this day, so they shrink from all idolatry, and to abhor it, that in this respect, the Jews.
ipfos fupcrare see. But many Jews ipfis statement.
mcntiuntur, to know that the Talmud and rabbinic commentaries.
lcgerunt, 500 E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 E. 7. 66 ;.
A roll as estillud hottest member, reports Aben.
In the book, Ezra estcui. Where initially written by Mo Genefeos
J: In the new T) od: PentateuchoSamaritano said in a written statement.
, In the beginning God created the I / lower AFIME that there are images Emathites.
Rum: almoft Emathites of people, the nation of Samaritarum out of the sun, and it does not.
all other nations, rather than the Jews, for they call cos Cuthæos, Ema.
thiter. Speciofius then lied been fidixissent Code Sama.
Ritan was written: In the beginning created Yergel%. For the Vergel.
An idol is Cuthæorum, but not to the AFIME, for example, in the seventeenth chapter. later.
Kings palpable. Why this plumbcos be entirely professions as well.
prodigiofo the care of the enemy, and draw the lie of the Samaritans. For to that extent.
Habest as something assuerint pentateuch as many letters as lu.
; and the Jews, it is written to them; as we have already said. The farmers of this nation.
he made a shew of Egypt, Ptolemy Lagus, in the cities of Asia, of which the to-day the remnant of the.
there are two Samaritans who have a synagogue in the big city of Cairo. Yo.
fEph lib. XII. § 6. 2% λεμαιφ τολ & ς αχμαλάτις λαά λτότε ἐ ἐ {.
J; I8d'aja ;, £ $% @ z leo9TöAvpa totoy e *> auapei7i) 0 *)} &.
Toy% Y% to κατάκιτα d7row; Aίγωήον dyayojy. Then, ¢¢¢¢ μάτιχε.
% Ίς άγένοις αυύ τςὸς τάς Σαμλgθτως τω τέτgioy y & ylu) άγά $ @yXzo.
International τςοαιςεμ μοις ἐγένογ vi% $ @ & Agòς dλλήλοις άπολόμεν, ἀλ μὰρ Iego0xvuę.
% Τα? αυτός ίςο} ῦ ἀχον άναι λεγόντων, ἀτας $ vaiage the company 7ráμτ € w d% & των.
* 5> auapesstJei; τὸ Ta 2/3, OPO $ κελ & ωάτων. The iifdem Samaritis well.
Ctaris infulam a geographer in finu rubronotat Arab writer.
eximius, in the fifth part of the climate of the fertility: which is why it is commonly reported.
L From 1000 AM in SV's r1t A A A VM: 5 »w e. c <j <\ $ j> \ 6 </.
FJ.JI X \ c Qa% • G •} J ς? O \> x] c \ o "sjlJi. Pofi £ 4 //?.
Infulam $ bitterness, which inhabit the Jews Samaritan. Argues.
the chin is to say, that the vnû / Who / jue them is saying, quotxs he engages in / ?.


Page 219

 This is fermone cognofçitur, the IP / i / Int.
500 from the Judas called bull's $ bitterness associated with IM / breeders.
AMofis, peace be upon whom it is sent. The proverbial locutioJUS inal.
Coranus: * No conference sleep. From whence it really Samaritan.
is that it infulam live as strangers who had been at a conference.
to show what doctrine that all the profane, of whom they think the. assuming that fuperstitio.
Even today Samaritis tarried, as reported by those who have them CONUS.
thongs. Ephiphanius 52 2. DC Samaritans @ / Taja êxorrjaa Iedaioaeyº.
 Kkk i, j%.
• ,.
4. ¬f G 1 e p h o s s c a 1 1 50 G E R 1.
§ @ ¢ x311% u% $% ^ LW & ufira T £ οσ μαύειν τύό. You see Agoa ^ yo / Jay Tyøyin to AA.
rabifmo Q »\ ~" Well, then 8 Ephiphanius this way. Ali.
hi ἐσατι ατω ίματίοις ραῖδρόμοι τω έψωγ) A rag ę dλοόό. Moza.
PLU j) Ra your dττεὸς ἄτι 3iyew d \ & Tyòς gods $ pore Dr D ^^ ε φάγμα%.
The autemidem Ephiphanius Easter and Passover, in the Samaritan.
Autumn celebrate falfissimum. Istiigitur Ægypticnfes Samaritans were already doing.
atemporibus co Ptolemy Lagi conducted annually by gathering and yn.
the type of the cedars of Gerizim, when ye take of the year, which sequi to be published, such as.
is this type, which will give a kindly recited fit this year.
Of Christ, 1584, from thence into France, was to us in Cairo. Two out of it.
iufdem the years of the examples of their sakes which we have received. The other had a year.
Yet ipfum with the children menfibus Solaribus and lunaria: con.
letters reached nearly inexplicable. So (I strike) Hercules.
the crime was read to explain the role & TA. For diuinando been entirely.
And the fear that quibufdam divined dung. In fact, to all reason, out of the.
pilogifmum the new moons, we can not comprehend, that we must confess frankly.
it is. In another example ptæter year, there was a calculator season.
Himself, indeed, too inept, but whom he has to know the blind, they know not, thou.
rare. At the end of the Solares & menfes fèorfim mind.
In 1000 O N N E 1 1 A h) is Agoyeg4), a manner which is always great.
The synagogue is Gerizim, and the type of the synagogue through to the other of the Samaritans.
fequentis years acuity. But, in that the formation of the ancient bishops, or to li.
fynodos not to waste Tgoye9: 4'u, but άτyeg®'u) to agoyegó.
fimilem adiiciebant O © € CC kai O R K M M®N THN Atianos Proc.
100 mNOAON φ M aa = Al 2 O ΤXOM EP € € © A T IM 1 (,) a step AA € A φ OI.
But there are some things in this prographe truncate, which will be complete in lu.
Daic letters pofuere: the example of the Samaritan 's and let no one be mistaken.
does.
1000 p as a co-ANN 1 vs. C CX) is calculated nisy. In other words, άμάλισμός.
Thus, the Jews and the Samaritans were the reason for the year & they call it, on the side of the whole, v t.
Jewish Compute shown. It appears, therefore I do.
And the oldest of the three, with the same common word comes forward.
And Samaria, including those of two thousand four hundred years from now & am.
no more, no interaction between them.
An n 1 C CX) menfium Lunar appeals are entirely Ba.
Garen, as you see. So long period of 2 hagarena 28 years.
man or a ride not haetenus, or fane vñ there are some point, and as to seem one.
The performance works together and in enneadecaeteride used. And, indeed.
The performance period of the year necessarily be used to lower Arabic.
O 3 years old and has no reason left for the moon. After May.
 rcmID E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 E. 7. 665.
.
.
From the period of 1 year 2 O necef to apply the method to the Moon.
Fe is. But if true remuneration Computuni fuum the year.
confusion, from the Nifanius, of which it is the new moon fell in the thirteenth. March, on the day.
Venus, the goddess hagarena ,, in other places carefully taught.
mouse. So here Nifanius the last term of 1 year periods Oh. For.
confusion from year to year, which was Christ 1584, they are.
are the years of the Arabic language who have been acquitted of the year 1629. 1679 will stand off with Julian's.
x 1 fuperfluis days, and this year was a year of 168 Samaritarum Oh.
Araiicus out shooting. Diuifa by means of 1 O, leaving the seven stages incomplete.
Stone 1 O 2 years, and last year octauæ period. And for this.
period starts from Friday, on weekdays moons, nothing at all.
differt a period of Hegira, where the year last term, the 2 ° treatment.
start from the first day. ".
Β 1 Co n v n c t o Elhagiathi 1) This conjunction is noted Monday.
second, third fequente for what happened after the tenth hour of the day ;.
Then, as the night fequentis, from where it begins, the days of the civil Sa.
maritans. However, in the period of 2 years at Io, due to end in the final.
fat begins on the first day of March. Why the better.
fequuntur matter. I could not guess, but the numbers ipfos 7.
mouse. It is said, however, to begin by the force of the solar month Adar, that is, of which the.
Matt end in February, Thursday. Therefore, the night began, she se.
the bird to its V day, month after second March Julian cycle.
100 Sunday xx v.
v. xxxi) This is the first lunar month begins Thursday in xxvi.
February. Menfis has xxxi dies. Thus the neo fequentes week.
day of the month is to be appofita menfis Conditions of the moon, to which the fubiungitur the number of the days' journey.
menfis Solaris. .
The Pha / from the fourth Ni / am. ) That sold solar Nifanius calls Phafe ,.
menfem as solar tifrum shelters, either or. ' When fuccurrit further.
mnn, I purposed to fight Tricefimo.

Page 220


In fact, can only conjecture of mine. And all of these moments, for example.
I said elsewhere, and the fyzygiarum unaware that in no way links.
agrees with the mean motion of the moon. * \. .
An n r 1 1 1 1 1 1000 N S E A T h) r ^ GPW that even moderately long.
braice and I do know how to Solon, the σίταχέαω calls for.
properly the seven year week. But how Sabb.
as well as the day, not only for feptimo of smoke, but also for the entire week.
made, thus, not only for the Semitah feptimo year, but still.
Pipe for the entire week before the Jews but Samaritis vfurpatur.
So this year, which was Christ 1584, it was the seven week.
Samaritanæ Ilul eiufdem push by the year 1584, when it began the year.
Kkk 3 Judah.
E p h o s s c a 1 1 666 50 1 G E R • 1.
Jewish 53 45 that diuifa rcliquatur 4 through 7, it is not so, or 7.
The first few weeks less Samaritanæ starts from the fifth year of Hebrew.
weekdays, the true and legitimate Jews. That ratio scquantur ,.
Not hard to say. Perhaps, what else we say, or wear.
Nabonassari end, from which this year was 2 331 Julian, who is counted.
feptenarius country. But this is nonsense. Francisco June, a summa.
endowed with learning, can be deemed as the Temple creator is.
Sanbelletes in Mount Gerizim, built years in the care deducant.Sane.
Eufebiano in the Chronicle, in the ongoing Olympiad CXI, Manasseh.
In constructing a temple on Mount Gerizim. The year was a period of Julian.
4379, in the summer dicbus year he began his fruitful Olympics.
push. fequenti year 438o, and starting to build the Samaritan temple B.
Art. 97. The year of the employment of vero1584 was 62, of the year complcti 1917.
Why is Christ the year 1584, the end of 1918, it was the foundation of the house.
Sanaballatici, which is a grade of 274 feptimanae year. So it is true.
conie and offer far more current among men. But since we took femcl divine ,.
far better to hold them 2io years, of which we pointed out above the ,.
Julian not only the act, but also of the period of Dionyfiana already been developed.
xa. For feptenarij are equal. And Fane to this conie and offered favorable ,.
as they can not be able to do nothing, that true and I believe it. But the absolute number of periods.
Stone yo 2 years before they count not hesitate to say. Of course.
Two periods of 1 O years compofito with them, and retroab year 1584.
retextus definunt 311 annum. Older one of which plane C.
Only the first year and urged Indian Constantiniana. This is equal.
the antics of, but yet it is not contemptible. What do you do in the other way.
so great the obscurity of things? For this reason we see them, how he has not.
Ecclefia of the truth, such arguments spring Ecclefias life.
NamIudæi annalemobsèruant straight week. Ignorant regard.
Κακοή9% & ing those who deny this. Samaritan forward to the first year.
mum of the first Semitah, they are engaging in otherwise insoluble and, therefore, from the year of the first 41.
"Exodus. Of their words, they are a result of their his Chronicle, "a cloud when he recovered it ^.
is the beginning of the first table's E 1000 1 1 50 E B A A A first 1 v 1, will rise from the beginning.
Ifrael of pus in the country diuifione (Terr.) amounted to a day.
Us & World fabilitis in the law for pre / time being, bifimille / Eptingen D.
monaginta four anmi. And, indeed, this is the report of the air, which the Taught.
diluuij suppose the air. While he was thus in his Chronicle, which from antiquity and from the Hebrew: now in the.
Arab conuerfis. Which make up the world's atmosphere ot 3 years, virtually.
the aire and the greater a good size, contrary to the epilogifmos of the law, these, however, to our witnesses.
before. Both to the 2794 years, which we to profess that it has created.
world to tranfitum Jordan which 2 493 are those of the year.
Man, in the tranfitum of the Jordan, one, by the leave for the first time the seven diuife.
aIlnumDE E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 1000 V Li b. v 2. 66 ,.

Ipratropium Semitah. However, they made it straight to the fuum this time.
reported. From this it comes about that another person in the time of Semitah it was taking. What things.
shows that, of a multitude of the people, and that this is the offskowring of diuerfa.
people. For if he was always the one race, but vfum Semitah network.
aghast as Jews wherever the world that are most desirable real HCB year.
domadicum watch. •.
V c o t h) What place is this voice has escaped me ,.
On / olenmi) Yes calls tifrum solar system, how Phafe calls.
Nifanius balcony. And unless I'm mistaken, one menfe heavier than the Jews ,.
this phase, which axlworM% this year and Aw days. It is.
BTifri in the diet, which is to be celebrated in the tabernacles was at hand, because of radiation, again.
"Nifanius Solaris, called Phafe that the phase of radiation incident upon it.
dot. But these will be more confulendi they made equal. For.
this is what we make quite a twinkle in the dark. This, however, is difficult.
is still in force, menfes of them in as many days, as many as Julian, this one ,.
ncomeniarum but another source, such as the ongoing and fourth demon.
furnished it..

In 1000 O N E 500 E 1 N 1) of that Greek better and άόματι Θεά & egy and y & w.
e κατάωod \ με $ A. .
Beginning with Adam and his admortem), therefore, the less they think, that which the other enters a demurrer.
bit Mofis epilogifmus, is no more to me, it is well known quareSeptua.
Cginta more pillows. The whole of this year Epilogifmus entirely yo.
secular, and, as nothing else to say Samaritan.
& Gears bi / two hundred thousand / exaginta / eptem) Of course epilogifmus results.


Page 221

 The error inanner Noah, 7 DO for 6oo.
#vv. for & V. . .
And the fùccinäionem linen) have no doubt that each write.
one of Aleppo and a pen to essugerit, & for now, can be read is8T. Cin.
is calling for the creation of the rectangle, or fuccinétum of Ephod, the fàcerdotum. But.
know what he wants, I clearly do not know. For to what purposes is to make it clear? Mofe from the time ,.
I facerdotes, who served in the tabernacle, there are fuccinóti K.
Phoda. This is fupinitas plufquam Samaritan. A Mofe therefore, to SI.
Dlud time, compute the age of 2 2 1 5 2 2 67 years with Adam ,.
, said to Abraham, from Abraham item 565, to the Moses then, they would become one, and sometime of the year.
Oh 47.Igitur suppose 5o47 3 years from Adam to yivQ Gazathites to enthou.
fiafien abreptitium, fine fanatic, who fincdubio is to be Muhammc.
give false prophets. Is calculated by Samaritarum And so, from the man, in the.
Dionyfianum first year of Christ presents the age of 44 2 5. However this.
ineptissimafunt. The major Jewish Calculator is that 35 cycles, that is ,.
66 5 years, 47 years, 6 veroautem epilogifmo World lesser period.
Juliana 287 years, and so the cycle of the moon conucnit with the Jewish people, and.
 Kkk pcrg 4 68 1 50 1 o s e p h 1 s c a c e i R
means, diuifa leave ycrum one HebdomadisSabbaticae.Nam A.
äifíèrentia are Jewish and, as we said, there are cycle 35, which is the nu.
just feptenarius. The audit to be instructed, therefore, this would be fiab cy.
clus Conditions of the moon, it would be the first time the Samaritans were in Ix O. nouilunia tifrum
And orb, Thursday, cyclo 3 Monday, Sunday 8, in the period Iulianae 288.
Dear er tifrum, 5.1.979. But, so far as we see, are not so much.
â € use, and a new calculation is that a. For im book Iofue.
(It is a chronicle of excefïu Mofis at times Antonin).
Adam suppose to Alexander, oh, 393 years ago. But it has been rich in ho.
áíérnam up her first year Seleucidarum esset 4ii4 Adam ,.
Alexander & 4o9o from the beginning. Iofue same book again from Adam.
J d, essus Adrian think year 4513. Second, the audit B.
2. For the calculation of the current year were Îjçnum 456 A.
A ,, the first year of Christ Dionyfianum, Putarct years.
44, 5. From the first year, however Dionyfiano to the excess of Adrian.
So no reason vcram fuica 157 years old world plans.
Otuerunt. .
"" "Bear) if they are menfes balcony, as is evident from that figure the year ,.
it is, that is added to the month Adar, and the other? For men is embolism.
ĘMenßs Luíáres appeals Moors are appointed. Why.
J ", menfis embolism appellationc Chaldean? But here, too.
sticks. When compared to the mense Samaritan hagarena.
years of the Hegira 992, the Indians, who are the year and as at the beginning of 1679, with the C &
ùeniebajn program Christi 1584 birthday. From the first of January.
Julian January in the year 1 584 birthday of Christ, which are the years.
Julian, 1628, the Arabic language are past, been acquitted of the Indians of the year 1678.
So this year Hegira 99 z starts from January 4, on the seventh.
MA, it is in fubieéta document. In all of the new moon So.
"Aritanæ hagarena the same, except in three Vltimus.
"Menfibus. Good Samaritan was briefly Ramazun Matt Marschc.
ban. But Dulhagiathi Hagarcnus to him, answering in xxv 11. Schevval.
Samaritan Matt Caflus, Muharram 993 hagarena with him.
Arriving in XXVII. Finally Elkadathi Samaritanu§ four Tibcth.
Tzephar to 99; Hagarena in xxvi. The consul see these men D.
ASTROLOGICAL in the surnames of the festival to be Solares, I will not: Llinares presence, and yet.
"Enfi embolism Adar posterior, he likes this year.
however, it may be false, cot phase in April celebrated out.
to discuss further. For this I have absolutely Cimmeriis c.
"<5tis are shadows. Her good readers Prince, and wishes.
of love, it is not my talent, my people possessed of reason. We lift them up to their ma.
Chronicle ex sign in Hebrew, in Arabic conuerfis fed.
Charadas E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 E. 7. 669.

A charaeter Samaritan had described. In fact there are many things worth ,.
although it may at any time his comments and the Samaritans formed a crust. It freely, for example.
Men (art Hegira.
£ °, Muharram 99 2.
1584.
7z.epbar.
Virulence first.
Virulence posserior.
Giumadi first.
Giumadi poster.
"Rgeb.
Jahaben.
[Ramadham.
Şevval.
Dulkadathi.
Dulhagiathi.
by AMuharram 993.
E 7z.ephar 993.
e Menfo Julian. I; $ Tint $ pi * g.
7] | 4 IAM2. O O O O O
2 | Feb. 3. | O O O O
3 | 3 bitter. Elhagiathi | 6 may be.
5 | 2 April. Muharram 5% Cu / AM.
6 || 1 May. 7z.ephar 4 Ijar.
1 | 3 1 AMAi. Rabie 1 3 Sebin.
2 [29 June Rabie 2 2 Powered ,.
4 [29 July Giumadi 1 | From 1.
5 | Aug. 28 (Giumadi 2 | 3 o Ab.
7 | 2 6 Sept Regebam. 29 Ilul.
1 || 5 Oct 2. [Sahaba. || 28 tifrum.
3 | 24 ° ^ 'on. Ramazum | • 2 of 7 / ar / bam.
5 (2 4. GST) EC. [Schevval | 27 CASL.
%. Already 3. "Elkadathi '2 6 Tibeth.
we have said, the starting point is an ecstasy of Mofis, defines within the period required Imperato.
cris Adrian. Because of this term it Iofue and, for the out.
He sojourning in Palestine.
tur, & other things & they could obtain from them the Pentateuch. For Fane.
Ha & a little out of the men in this matter are indifferent would zeal of Christian religion.
nus were as follows: In consequence of this the knowledge of the vberrimi of usefulness is held in the temple profane.
Mofis and guidance Iofue process begins.


Page 222

 Spero non defuturos, qui voto nostro fà.
tisfaciant, aut exemplo nostro haec illustraturi fint. Nam huic co.
natui nostro multa deesse ad perfeétionem vt non dubitamus, ita.
palam profitemur.
COM C o M P v T v s.
E C C L E S I AE.
AE T H I O P I C AE.D E EM E N D A T. T E M p o R v M L 1 B. VII. 6; t.
A7';^8 *ins prip Dey y as Cya.
nain, fa InnNy fyas aby jnx.
pinpny rrygyrny nnpy.
^pNnIa anp; an nys yan^ agri.
cy cxan Tts cTs ps.
fi an qûia insn nrp npy.
amans qs^nii Mun by aa *yn.
rinsn & inyps, nty anny.
ά es inpas §ii r—py &a.
ypwp nago?.
f ps npas 5> rpy à a.
B ypwp rippv%.
j> Es inßa§ i ripy i a.
p. vpwp Eyre?.
1 ps snpas i* npy i a.
ypwp dypty.
fi gs snps n5 npy ii a.
ypwp ncpg',.
*i> ts snpa* ì npy i a.
ypwp naq^?.
ai es inpas ii, npy ia.
ypwp nppw?.
$ os snpas ri> npy fi a.
C yTpp nppw?.
s5 ps npas b npy öa.
ypwp onag^?.
flfio:fi{l:(DQD&\}:(DaSY&h:££},:7:^ao^;a:.
zÃ1:317zha>:AngI:©Ã£@1:Hm:.ct^nc:.
Vas:fit:®v^ss: Oriznist:H£acii*ii::.
Àrifl: C#W: Â¥*f*:2Zn:.C°£ C {\: mH;*f*^&>c*.
zia<r;^Ros:^iin:.C*f&Xas:V. ^a°:.
vos f:a>%zt:ta?TH: mH: U^en:¥m:7.
*v,&:nn:TOU:t^.£&:®Htz&n:xa>£U.
QD fit:VaSf : QD/ίσο£U:TJ::fÃtt:.
nW:v, a>t:T(D7: Änyi::xas;T;.
AaS fi m Zgro: do<£> £ v : : 1.
nE:vos*:;x E:An*f:rios:r.
/\^£>% aS>f : os Ae 3W :: /.
mT: wa>ri:T;Λm**: rias::£z :.
ΛσοΓ1 h4gS: σο^£> $v7 ::.
mW:Vaof:T7 Ληψt;: fúero: TZ.
{\a<)fih4g^o: aRo4$>£v::.
ΠΕ: &a>:f: ?§:^m**: Ka>: *.
/^4$* ge +: ao<$>% W ::.
mZ: κ,α>+:Z κη3t:: xas: ?vT.
^aoii n<a>: o>4>*v::.
mZ': &as+: TZ': ^m££: Â«xo:TF.
^^P3post: oo*A%v::.
fiE:Vas*: 7E fimât: Âao:TET.
A<$>$ aS*: ao <£> 3W ;;.
nU:vos*: U An**: rias: ?v;.
6a>fi fizas: ao^;>a, &:.
IN N o NIN E P A T R 1 s ET FILII ET s P1R1T v s s AN c r 1.
vNivs D Ei. Narrabimus vobis, Patres nostri , & fratres nostri,.
quantum fieri potest, annos,& dies, & Sabbata Christi.
Co M P vTvs R E c T vs P E R Qy E M P R o XIM E A c c E D ET,.
vT S c I A S A B A D A M, VS QVE QVO C O N S VM E TVR s AE cVLVM.
Annum gratiæ fume, in quo es (quatuoræquabù) Nouenadena.
abiice. Quod de eo reliquaberis, ipfe est annus: & ab eo vnitatem.
D abjice. IN 1 anno xi Epa&ta. Tunc xix Mascaram Matque. InTE.
anno xxii Epa&ta. Tunc viII Tikmith Matque. In III anno III E.
paéta. Tunc xxv Mascaram Matque. IN 1 v anno xiv Epa&ta.
Tunc xvi Mascaram Matque. In v anno xxv Epaéta. Tunc v Tik.
mith Matque. IN VI anno vi Epa&ta. Tunc xxiv Mascaram Mat.
que. IN vii anno xvii Epa&ta. Tunc xiii Tikmith Matque. IN.
viii anno xxv, 11 Epaéta. Tunc 1 1 Tikmith Matque. IN Ix an.
no ix Epaéta. Tunc xxi Mascaram Matquc.
IN x372 . I o s E P H 1 S c A L 1 G E R 1.
[)I: ves+: 7': Kf\%f;: $axo:T * Es fpas $ rby 5 a A.
(^<£>'pp*>:{ : &<><> q>v *: . yppp r\ppw?.
^I5: wgowy*:7: Äm3y£:;{as: 7'J: b> Es snpas & r—py xi a.
^asirnzas: a>4>δ &:: ypwp cn>pp?.
fíE: Waro*:IB Kfh3f;: Â&o: II nì DN snPaN $• npy ai 2.
Δ&S hnZgS: oo^;>qyv :: ypûb cnape',.
mjT: wao+: %'F: Kn*t;: &a>:z. $ ps snp38 15 npy i$ 2.
f)<>%pro+: &<•<> £v7:: ypwp nppw%.
M. T7: vexo;*: 7 Äf];£*£;; 7{axo: £%'7 i> gs snpas i npy i 2 .
nosinaas: as^ev:: _ ypw^ cn>pp?.
mi &: v;aof: I &: Am3£: Â«•; Iê: nô Ex snp28 h. nty n) 2.
^g^o jiii 2,39: o<$ ®Wy::  ypwp ovpp% B.
[)IZ: W.&oH: Ἐ ZT #5 [13,f;: Äaxo:T7 % es •npas ia mcy is a.
()<$\ 2*> +: cro<$• φW :: yp*^ nppv?.
m TZ, : v.o> +: Z Ληάt;: Â«>: 7T: 15 Es 'npas i npy is a.
[\oSfin&gS : <xS^£> q». W : yPy^ =ypp';.
[] II: V2.<o FF : II : j^f) $<;: Âaro: T3 5 Es •npas ni rpy hn .
n^3a> +: ao^φv :: yppe rirpo';.
f IJ: V,aS*: fAß: ÂX 35: Â«S: Vi % Es •npes i>'is ripy vi a.
^a>ri n&as: as^φ&::  yPige En>po';.
QÜH3t: W jf\:ÂÂσοζ: O^$,C Φ;λ{îoo:Â£h3: p>γs Ep* pig/ ncs* spynm.
Exo<;>£V7: Äas V ^^® ®as*: (D[\H;£\[\: nas Ea i>7 iam nppυ% & os ypwo.
Ζί*£as&: ao fi^: Άη}?.f*: ITa %e ^bºnis.
 C.
IN x anno xx Epa&ta. Tunc x Tikmith Matque. IN x 1 anno 1.
Epaéta. Tunc xx 1x Mascaram Matque. IN x 1 1 anno xii Epa&ta.
Tunc xv111 Mascaram Matque. IN XIII anno xxi 1 1 Epa&a.
Tunc vi1 Tikmith Matque. In x 1 v anno 1 v Epa&ta. Tunc.
xxv 1 Mascaram Epaéta. IN xv anno xv Epa&ta. Tunc xv Ma.
scaram Matque. IN xvi anno xxv 1 Epaéta. Tunc in 1 v Tik.
mith Matque. ' IN xvii anno vii Epaéta. Tunc in xxiii Ma.
scaram Matque. IN xvIII anno xvi 1 1 Epaéta. Tunc xii Tik.
mith Matque. lN xix anno non est Epa&ta. Tunc xxx Masca.
ram Matque. D.
AT Qv E hoc obsèrua, scito, confidera, quod non est Matque ex.
prima Tikmith. Et hac in re circumfpeétus csto , nc commiscearis.
cum refraótariis..


VT s ciAsD E E M E N D A T. T E M P o R v M L 1 B. VII. 6*;.
A nfas ssv sn =s est, a.
rinsn si in vi aa r^np npy.
* xxy ^y^n ^vyn qannty.
»hpys ~ins, % =s qB^nt, nun.
ypwp Nya >n E s aya n^Nn 12.
min &» ^ne rey.
man% » nsn n aa nnnn si.
ypw^ ayns, % =s Tannt).
ypwpy snps pipy npss.
annus, ania is % =s ibinis'?.
`sannes Ram es* Fas.
IB yPipb.
i3'is an Es npas y?.
annpas ìns, % j>* qps TP,.
insn snp*s %y% 791 in.
•>yns, ypv^ *> insy.
finys ~ipsn 12 *yy.


Page 223


nsy c = s inan Ttyn inyan.
jtyn * y: ynrs iii> ne in.
pretense spins, $ aa fytm $ in'a ".
V r s c 1 As yN P # P R or P 1 T E P A c T A. A N N v M gratiæ.
c Nouemdecies diuide. Vnum abiice. Refiduum descies & (melmel *.
Duke Tricena auscr. Quod reliquatus fueris de xxx, ipfà est Epaéta.
VT s c 1 A s RVR svs VN D E P R ο DIT M AT qy E. A N N v M.
gratiæ nouemdecics diuide. Vnum abiice. Oethodecies multiplies.
+.
[1H :: f ^ £> C: ^ c> 3 m: .cdx ^: am £ {; ::.
V ° *: a \ zt: nn: iö: + nrz: q) v: now ** :.
(DH * 46, n: * iVJIjc: qD; far.v.z: qomn vi • ,.
* 7 £ 4: ®htz & n: Aa: vi: © atn: an * :.
fiH; i ^ a ° £: hvm: ^ a> 3m: cte ^: asq * ;.
V. 2 ° t: a ° ÅZ +: nm: IÜ: + arg ,:.
CDv :: f / issi: mm IT: ä * 4Z: QDmmUì: * ox; %:.
QDHfZ 4n: Âd> Vî: O ^ f: h, aoa, q.x,::.
See ^ a ° C: QD ^ .c * p: z \ m% £: q> aoapq, & :.
* \ ^ /. UP <> ':;% 6 ° Vi: ^^ H%: q) A_q) r; ï;!;. ::.
^^ **: ^^ <>: <nnn: no>: + znn :.
o4 »5v :: v •.
^ v ^: ^^ **: ^ aezn: aap: '. .
CDiih: / \ iih: c. i). *: Ua: QDY $ t :: Â () 3 <5 UF :.
* ^ * 4 .: HODfin: ^ v ^: Am **: * A; μ ;.
QD ^ * h .: a> <5> 3v: q [) λ £ ::.
QDV, 8 .: ^ H :: f ^ a> c:?> :: £ p £ ::.
V.2 ° *: a% t \ Zf: ^ W: ^. :: tnz.a: aeanas.
<fivf: * f £ iïza: A ^ UF: Âæ: n ^ K #. ::.
Of & c * C: fr ^: zvfitz: q \ xx B. :++ria :.
R (sU *: 5: O *? R4: mnz: q ^ i: n?? F £ px :.
Tricena abiicc. Qu9d reliquatus fueris de xxx, ipfùm est Matque.
AT T E N D E & confidera: Epacta & Matque ambo plufquam xxx.
They are no longer, minor. • •.
EP A cT A M si NA cTvs E s, vT INvENi A s M A rov e.
Sv P R A Epactam, where you are from, fupple, don fiant xxx. Ipfàm 1.
Epactam abiicc. What did you add to Epa & tam, accipe? Ipfum.
D Matque est.
RV R svs VT s ci A s P LINT HI or N. Annum gratiæ in * 1 v. . ',.
Dioside gear. Modum quadrantis vtrinque adiice was struck today. How
Ę omne fimul Infuper adiicc fupra today 11. A little begging. ipfum.
II :.
Decies & faith
honey, id est ,.
pmdecies.
AEthiopif.
7}}! $.
III,,.
IIII ;.
est Plinthion ,.
per quarters;
AEthiopi £.
mus ,.
\.
L11 RVR s v s674 I o s E P H I S c A L I G E R I.
 .
qnvm: nH :: fkor: v ^ t: e í £ ì :: pyri, n'y nesn 12 ayy.
• s +, ao} Na *: #. R # H: ® + n & ^ e: ^ V: ^ ¥: is %% i% an insn r ^^^ npy.
qoaeanf: 2 {\ vf :: * f £ ii h: A. ^ U *: * ία • ηΛΚ *: 1872 cs ma Ttyn inyanpcr.
v I.
q) £ JEaoc: n. ^: Πίήt%: ®f ^ **: fìg>% U *: any ^ s nnsy fnn * i * ia nem.
g; ao ;. ,; z: nn £: OHtzzn: K <z: © $ th: * ains, Ex T £ ^ ni 22 Tunâ.
v / \ f: rÃ ¥ ji:: panis n'y.
myH :: fj ^ g ^ c: ^ f A; $ + P £ :: fibnptas ^ pnr) ia.
Vaot: a ° Å: t: mm: Tä: t7X'z.: @ Ti: ** fi * \: jp $ y Aiyn nb aa nnnt, npy.
ΛτΛU .: (DHt / .L ^: * f ^? '} {; ^? ° H &: qy ^ t: n: xxnn ìù cs inNn q $ int, in'y ?.
  : jinPy $..
i \%, E; $> * f Pz:: _ _ _ _ _ _.
mH :: t ^ dec: XT> <3%: HU ^^ T \ :: jiini piae npNn 12.
A.
vat: a t \ Z *: t £ \ £ \: {W: ^ & :( D ^^ a °: = * h * s * n ■ FE ;.
at); 33: 3) 4. A: for $ u: zx ^. a33 :: CD ^^ d ° fr: opem ipue * res * PP *.
pf :: HfZ.z.h: ^ a ^ a .: ἐx * <** ::. 'jtAx £ m *> ryps qa ^ nt inix.
mH :: t ^ a> c: v.a> t: ®%? ^ ®? * :: iyy ney nrNn 32.
v, aof: a> j \ Z *: ^ o: ^; :: * h £ A: (D ^ ήσ •: fZ £ h qenn C * ')% £? n 78 i * n ^ rib nty.
û: atv ^: a? tdii :: E: a> fv \: a> c £ i:; bip ^ p -yyp 5 pine sy? j.
T: co? V ^: Ne§ fi: QD ^^ <': v Z, &: fi: * \ & £ \: -ExIi> and m m PP' yei.
/ \ 5; Â £: ^ o? U: &> * f W ^: £ * £ * fí :: tyyi yyp nps ix %%.
nH :: f; \ & shock: <> / £ 5?> \ 7: ypwp npNn 12.
gs; itunt,: iU: q> ;, a: Iica> x ^: * 2 * ^: '*?' '° * P' 7 ° v * trisn.
Σὰ ἐξ: + ann: nyn ripy ai 10 n.
Im H:: i> ^ «* SC: ^ [\ 5:: sppas est a.
* m HU Nef \: IW7: QDii #): H.Ca> XÄ: fim **: snpis sybit 19 if qi \ ini an.
 3> * \ n.
5 * 2 n ^ :: ■. . _ *.
a> g. 3.v: j; 4 R <? *: Rt * m *: ^^ as: fi:? ÍE: $> fi> ps? nyp np pi ypwp.
or "a: ma:;:;:>: {Zam: mat g: 7 {v: mfizc:» Ea $> mnsa>? Tn Eis noe iEi.
3ì ^ ìj: nzmv: II: nzoii: No: n ^ Zm: avsa i piet? n 'yi ** •' P ** £> 3.
IZ; QDfi £: m ^ t: * a>: * tZnf: t aa in Axis nsa Tty ii.
R v R s v s v T s c 1 A s D 1 E M 1 or H A N N I s. A N N v M gratiae Accipito. Say.

  *.
*.
*. AEthio uidito * per quatuor parts. Menfuram quadrantis apponito fupra today vtrinque.
Pisshni Pro, Commisceto ómne finfiul. Abiice ab and 1 i. Goddess fepties. Qu9d reliquatus cris of.
 why
lengthOt pair.
t1IC.
V II.
v I II.
IX.
X.
X I.
XII.
v 1 1, iphy is Iohannis days. .
V τ s c I A s 1 N D 1 c T 1 or N E M. A N N v M gratiæ quindecies diuidito. I 1 adii.
ce fupra today. What relic will you do, Accipite x v. Ipfa est Indi & io.
V τ s c 1 A s P a G o M E N, 1 N Qy o E s. A N N v M gratiæ for D quarter
parts Quod fi aequata fuerit diuifio, tünc v 1 Pagomcn. Not at all relique.
you are, tunc v Pagomen.
VT s c 1 A s A N N v M E v A N G E L 1 s T A R v M. A N N vM gratiae for qua.
give me some dice What is reliquatus is 1, Matthaei days. Yes 1 1, Marci days. Are you.
1 1 1, Lucae days. Without a doubt, it was a split-up for 1111, Iohannis day.
VT s c 1 A s M A T Q v E. 1 N Q v o E s, adde xIx. Futurum (Matque) inue.
people v 1 1 1 adde. Second years (Matque) inuits. .
VT sci A s E P A c r to M. IN QVA E s, some adiice. Futuram Epaétam inuenies.
M AT Q v E fi prioris Sabbati contigerit, xx 1 r adiice. Introitum ieiuhij inue.
nics In the first fair xx I. In fecund x x. In tertia x 1 x. In the fourth xv 1 1 1. In ter.
auntie xvii In Parasceua, xvi adiice. Introitum ieiunij inuenies.


Page 224

EID E E M E N D A T T E M P o R v M L I B. VII. 67 5.
/.
a * v * n * a *. ^ Ao: nf; iz: © iia: {;. n ;.
* i * pi $ ty iij wypa is inna> * in + cnnin ^ a &: IZ: nn acic: ni Ascivi.
Tty & ayt ai cibI, i; "" Nenv.T: speech IEHvzt: IV: © iô;.
:> Ίn qpg άΓε, η: * fCI \ f \ ::.
Eiy Tty oi j> ps' yppp «jS ^ Ax £ v: ^ i \ go: & infi h: TJ: QDÌi3m:; zgo :.
$ ya ^ ia y% Te, fi> nn ins acU: cnm E. QDÌI £ \: (\ V [\: f \} $ C. [\\ i \ t.
:> in n'yty <; oX ^)? f *: * h C hf \ ::.
nw £ jpy} yptpp q> n cs? n ^ o: & h ^ n: ao4 * £ w: T; QDÌi £ ì: 4} U \ ;.
:> 7n * f Cinfl ::.
>> in nyni pix TP; <& riga'y? {\ v ^: & JIJÄ: T7: Φii £ \: zoo; A% 1T: scnm ::.
() W ^: x 39: "R? Ss: QDÌI7 \ {Z: P, £." Î *: f Chf \ ::.
B s: i; mother,; s, & q> yes it is, vpcs • ^ ** ^^^: ^ nnnv; Oii *** *** <hi ;.
 sssn, soypco and $ qoiii TV: Orih: ^ v ^; ^? ***: ** ^ ***% * f;.
Tty fi ii> £ s? rvpjpa nyo «o {3 /) *: [] 33} æ: ^ K <: p £ T.®a: n5f :.
fi * ca, nssa i mnss ssnn civ xa>: * Zafi :: ^^ U * £: z: fírácz: firi ^ jr: è:.
rnna iE, $ aya and pacr; a + y and nzfiv: W: {\ <rii: T: mvCf): It is: QDÌI £ \: (\ Äf * :.
shi ig xa>: + cam ::.
* and Tpy 13 jy ^ ts' diy nn> f \ f: x% ^: ^ io: znmn: £ Z: QDÌ £ ì:; $ mz.
synn po £ Tty n $ ayr, nt H.ct: + 2 + m: 7 <: Oiia: & í.n; * &% \ m ::.
% to Ity fi >> ^ n a> To; vi Tü: (T) fi h: zám: * fzAn :: v: GDira: mK ^: ÜÊ.
3? 7n and §2 T * ¥ n sizam ;: IV: QDii *: ma: ij; + & am :.
 : Eis nsa and% ^ v ^: mat: xa> ::..
ç jty 15 q:> v Es', eiy nna mz \ t: x a>: n ^ as. & nºnn:% z: GD rt £ ì :.
 <I> T Is it? n * nni *; ΒηZ: H. £ T: * f2 £ rm ::, Efl ?: H.cT: ^ Â «>: & nnn :.
π'P £> * TP * P * **** i * ein i? 85 77: Oma: xria e:; znnaros ;; ;;; na cnn.
P> 7n3? 7i 85 R * E8? & fi *; ^^ os: & nmn: 75. q): z; \ n: q.2, a: s.
t = youTE8 VP *? jR * R *? *? ^ z »n; nae: znnn: asaav.ann:" s ;.
*** *? ** * "E * * P * ° P pUIR: pUIz: age: iä: o: n & a: tj::, in ,.
A £ p £ jty ii fi> It 'tTpa yppp.
synn mini i TP, narT tis y ?.
MAT QyE in priore (Sabbato) in strength, xvi 1 adiice, Pascha inuenies. In the first fair xiii.
xv 1. IN Fecunda xv. IN tertia XIV. IN fourth xIII. Quintæ x 1 1. Parascettiæ x 1. adii.
'cc. Pascha inucnies.MAT Q VE E reperietista, adiice. Ieiunium Iudæorum inuenies. V XI V.
adiicc fupra Badri. Solcnne Azymorum inuenies. If you're missing Matque, x (x 1 1 1) give up. XV.
Phafe inuenies. Supra Phafe x 1 adiice. Ieiunium falutis inucnies. 'Sv P RA iiiuniun.
falutis adiice v r. Iodid inuenics. MAT QyE fi isticos, 1 x adiice, Iudith inucnies. xvI.
x Iv adiice fupra Matque. Azyma inuenies. AzY M A in priorc (Sabbato) in essin ,.
v III adieu. Introitum ieiunij inuenies, IN prima feria v II. IN fecundâ vi. IN Tertia X VI I.
v. IN fourth IV IN Fifth I 1 I. IN Parasceua I adiice. Introitum ieiunij inuenies.
IN T R oirv M ieiunij in reperition, xxvii adiice. Montem Oliueti reperies. xxv ​​adds. xv, i ,.
Pasxa inuenies. x Ix adds. Inuitive races. 1 v adiice. Solenne quadragefimae inue.
people xiv add it. Solenne Pentecostess inuits. Supra introitum ieiúnij, is r Roi rv M x Ix ;.
, ieiunij na na us es. xxvii adiice Montem Oliueti inuenics. Mo N r E M Ollieti fi.
& us is, xx I adiicc. Hofana inuenies. v II adiice. Pasxa inuenies. PAscH Unfinished.
this, xx 1 add it. Inuitive races. RA c B A fi nna & us is (A4atque> vfqu © ad ieiumium ».
cxLIII. cxLvi, ieiunium) xv adiice. Solennc Tcflaracostae inueniés. .
L11 • Solen67 6, I o s E p H I S c A L I G E R f.
XX.
XXI.
{9y * m <p> n £ s? b "ya nvA: UÍ ^ Kao: & fimh: íT: fWN: T.
* p, and psn = * i 'already 227n sicnm :: nw ^: W ^ xo: 2nmn; F Oiiz \;.
ssn; - s - a nu ^ nv n = V ** cnm:.
jty f; p>; pNY n ^ Tpa yPub «or * £ {v: mg Roºit: NKao:. £ n £: T QDη} a ::.
twva ipa imnna> ^ n © * ¥ {t ': scnm :: Πλλ} :: Z: mii * C: 7: fuJ ^ vii :.
\ $ aya iv Biera 4, yss iijty Oria: E: nzmv: CD: v: n% a> ii: ®T: nvcn: £: ®.
 >> nn yy * 1 £: * cnm:.
> in t-ix nsa,; yes}} $ y? ^ v [N: 47 E: T7: QD: m} \ T *: Xo: * fCmf \ ::.
pyon; i >> n nt y, $ TWO: Enz: H.ct: tcnn; i BCD: ufivae :.
san i> nn qog iö> in scnm: υφ: & iin: icivm: FO: & nm :.
, n $ ayn a yA fw >> in + cnm: TE: 0; nwn: UÍ; t £ nn: £ E QD :.
 sy and% 22 in i already nv. ^: 7: tcnn :: Nvn; 21 * ::.
 rnsn 3 q> n = s, tis nss mAt: y. g9: ^; 5oo: Cnf n: T: f / ίΤ * f:} f ζ:.
5:25 is' r * * n nt her: ncm: & mz: Hct: naas: znfin :.
• >> nn T ££ nnNn 3 Est ^ tit: & fan: i cnn ::.
niis $ aiis ipyiTai ^ tp §2 nó: qvaec: QDm * Λ £: Ä. £ \: I *. € fbA :.
saoa = y: Frey y; 5 i s ^ q) iz & z navx <rt: Onwn: nri ^ x ;.
 = | 3A> '* N * D iy ntP N Jnnpy gas: f £ z: v £ aoc: CZf. ^^ .: cnin ::.
»Yaisa, i ns £ Ps * ia ip? Im qaa *: n re: ^ * a ^ c: T: © nÃ. em ^ & :.
* ~ £ P nEP i nsEF8 i'i; p7ir, & a &: n ^: aaosc: TF + aec: FÜIVE.
iPyra ay ?, 8: ... § 3 £ pi * ais aena nosn ^: z Ann .: Onwn: mz ^ * :.
w} nn i in Tnes ns £ Psa'i nsfnn * y * iP "n, .u £ # ==: HTFxyac: aesttu * FÜTTz.
* and * iP fi ***** $ * $ £ n aya) onrn: * aoxa: a r.pn ^ p: DE: fi nw :.
et * iu8 ney in * i ne? i? 8 ii> 'oena, n: crvash; iiax *: «* ranz: axa.
ey FPYT IP8 F * F * **** ***, qna: alonae: aasaros: Ann; * ^ **: v ^ a>.
r- ** *** ********} £ u, ^ zxnzocnin: &: vasit :.
: his npy riis ii * yyD i'y QDn. ^; iEmva: HÉF: Vast: TF: *.
Solens E Tessaracostae fi ististi, x adiice.Solenne Pentecostas inuenies. Solen
NE Pentecostalists, 1 1 1 adde. Ingeniculationem solennis Pentecostés inuenies.
 M $ g in priore (Sabbato) in strength, vim appone, Niniue inuenies. I first sc.
ria v 1 1. 1 Nlfecunda v I.

Page 225

 In the fourth alertness 1 v. 1 The fifth adiicc 3.
In Parasceua 11 adds Nineveh will understand. .
 SVP R Niniuc x 1 v adiicc. Entering the fast find. Tt alertness. Mount of Olives.
inucnics. those alertness. Hofanna find. IX alertness. Pafëha understand. 3 alertness. RAcb find.
friend. 11 1 adds. RAcb understand. Matt alertness. Tessaracostx formal written. XXVIII.
alertness. Solemnity of Pentecost will understand. Supra, Nineveh.
In t r o 1 TVM fasting na us if you III's term. Mount of Olives will understand. Mountain Oli.
If you found a bone i 1 rejected. Pasch find. B.
In 1000, PR 1 from the cell and in the number of I6 E 50 x Jubilee. The fuperfunt force or weeks.
norurn. Conftant Seven years, one of the cell will be Lxxvi weeks.
The summa of Cells X 1 1 1, lubileus. The sum of all of the cells xiii, under pretense of filling exli.
Jubilee, when a Scptimana.Item in the number seven weeks lxxxviII 500 hundred thirteen.
Cells. The years of the VI M. 500 cccc.xvi. Also lubileus to claim 1, and v Hcbdomadas.
You will emerge with Marcus seventh year, the year of our man. All of the Jubilee.
Adam, vfque to confummatiónem Faecula, moisture with five 1 week. the proucnicnt.
Marcus v 1 to 1 year. All of the seven weeks of thousands of years, are Marcus
xx 2.
23.
^^ w j.
A.
B.
C.
500 500 E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 1000 V 50 1 E. 7. g ,,.
A nxv an ex jixin NYP npNnta n} {:: f ^ ASC: drag: £ 5 £ # \ jiass? FH: .cOx7ç.
T = pxm nty VH SA isaminey only bone ** * ° C ° 5: qtn & ​​^ nn * ZEW ocnm.
Yisa% \ npYiT qiwm naye ANSYS naxQ $ IIP is done H®fif: £ those effected by the V CCL: z ^ £ U}: nr ema.
»Anne syaipa away, Yao *% * T * tV. Ha> pi * r ^ ^ v. OmKm: mikmw; xasf # 3 ;.
R-O $ y at the Pyr * * * § VAIO; III ^^: ^ 7 ^ f ^ * ^ * D: U: WSR ;.
I ysaapa! QMR, if $ £ Z ::.
* P>; And ps n'y, PA IPA ypwp CXO <\ 3 \ 7 istifadecileri: A ^ * ^ a>: 7 cf. ::.
p> i r '' Pyg na MXC: £ mufZ: aat: Tcn ::.
p> i n the '' Pigafys the Otz, and Jui \ ni & #: A +: xas R7: being ;;.
• pnya r - \% pya for those who are OT2: 8a *, & st nu / z £: A ^ rmrír ;.
p> i s x 5 =>. Xóz: .cn; ::.
B * A * T ^^ 'n yp * * • e nn oiz, a sharp V: xas: YOU.' Asfingasa coart.
About: * n £ p? ** P * ^ o ^ asTT '' o * * * :: xcm.
y is pnsb ^, $ ii bone vinx snow 8a>, x.cúx AAS; 3 (DW: ** ^ asiihza coi√ :.
 cockle »repw? $ 13 are ¥ What: 7 © e. ^ * + ¥ as: 1000 :: r.em.
τη, NNA? E * GIS NNA Nat: x> sxa <7apnt * .x.coiîra.
NIA: * RVA, £? p = *) ai: e: ^ Asan Klcnit ::.
* ^ ^ * Na? If the 5 * fye συλ \ m> 7TEaas, n: £ a.co a.
NIA: *** those $ CW © ^ asi z'®F * a *} * ILP, r.cnit;:.
* Y * NRN Na £? I5 p ** i * & fin: Aa> :: rJZ: a> YM ** # £ .r.cocx ;.
Ti * "" *: * 5 * 5 O © What: A ^ rated p, x cnit. ....
P. 13 black infer Ayal Onvn n H three 'c: non z ¢ ::.
* A * n, n> G * P * to p * s ^% silicon, mira.ii: ^ x ^>: if so many of S. ;.
If ç ~ $ recei scarcely pa fyat rimn: l. * :: ns. MV: YOU: H * O> n T7.
Tinna w h i siye pi £ 2 '' sya mwzn: T: N * Years: 5: mRuF;:;> ur, c, z, t.
* Pa n> from the pouch; ? NC: ännu: 7 * ::. •,; .
7.
• • _.
VR know there's a b b ATVM son. ynpe f ix death a 11 cenfe war's great.
Ann ORV 1000 San £ 500 through 500 cc. year, and will emerge with x on the. that is £.
approved Henoch. The seventh week of Enoch summa fourteenth with Vniuscüiufque in the Jubilee.
end. C feptimanae.Vniuscuiufque mubiici top again a week old, xirx.
years. The week was VII (of the year.) * - · · · · · ·.
Ma r qye rising on the first night (Noatre) will be. A 1 BA 500 on the other side is the tenth will be no ortn. xxv.f.13.
Term vs. Phafe rising on the other side is no ELEUENTH tomorrow. '' 4.
YOU A 1000 N 1 vs. fasting falutat from the beginning and no Nahafe from vicefimum feptimi be. $.
"YOU R m n vs 1 matque not be smaller than the fifteenth mascara; And thirteenth.
"Tikmith not be greater. Say nivm £ 1, £ 500 lv ORVM vicefimum fourth mascara does not • ■ •.
eritminor: vicefimum second Tikmith not be greater. In Troi√ iëìíîjprima Ia * .7.
chathith not be smaller than the fifth Magabith not be bigger, PH as the vicefifiia Thursday.
Magabith not be smaller, and a third vicefimum Miaziæ not be greater. . . .
The phase vicefimo fexto Magabith entitled Hon down, and tricefiraa Miaziae.
there will be greater. * *. .
It VR learn from 1000 coMPv fvmt Carthaginians gains r i e. Unflinchingly into the third feriafi xx "is.
X111 alertness. Preaching repentance (you will understand.) On Wednesday, xn. QyiNT se.
XI. The Parasceua x. In the previous (Saturday) IX. In the first week, VIII. k fecüfida, VI1.
alertness. Gcnz message (inucnics.}.
Hi,, • * 678.
S C A L E R 50 1 1, 1 o s e p h 1.
/.
ps i i aa ibii Henry II.
pyrriey \ nsapn Esney.
CS mb i \ P ypfi na.
_ ■ ■ ■ -.
NPY three A 'I' in '338 500 18.
sex.
ripper.
'' Yjn.
* IP.
runy.
rwye.
3) The
Leaning ;.
SJG.
• GT: n.
* Prix.
From the 1000's c ar am ;.
T 1 K T H 1 1000
C H A 500 from R.
A t a c h s c ha s CH
1 Ac HATH1rH.
MA ga b 1 t H.
From Μ 1 z 1.
G 1 C O N T H.
T.
JH A 50 E 1000
N E Acha
 v. E P AG om en ae.Quarto also be in force.
ANNVE from incarnatione Savior nostriibi (millefi.
grojth & ςΌΣΣ.
<Pi> Go ** :.
>? Rc ::.
"• fîvApu ::.
"Ne ::.
pntt ::.
OS7 (Lt. ::.
Or, P. * * 1I.P..
2% f ::.
£% T ::.
ifia ^.:.
2, if these. ::.
£ Έ and :: MM: 7: & • *: * :: 7 Cn.O.
vao *: What: M * is: «i £ 3 • A :.
MiII: For example, GTQO7: QDnr ^ •:. * a> c: Kos :.


Page 226


mouse) quingentefimus feptuagefimus seventh. And.
a mixture of the (old) Abad, vfquc now;.
 D.
v 1 1 MD Lxxvii. years.
P1N1 S c o 1000 PvTi Church as thiopicis.
In c om.
13D E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. B. V 1000 50 1 5 2. 679.
In 1000 A 100 O P O P V T V 1000 as T H 1 1 c 5 M.
100 H ri ti an O's A vM Ethiopia, which Abassinorum or Abif;.
We call Ecclefias in Italy there were no memory.
phases. There are Jerusalem, Alexandria and Cairo examples us.
I knew not I can not be safe. Lufitanis too voyages, and Lu.
culento book itinerary Francisco Aluarez fàcerdotis Lufitanis that in.
Ethiopia penetrated the interior was more about them, their rites.
acquainted. Once all of the Nile in Africa since last entering the water.
Cadiz, also from the Tyrrhenian Sea to the south across the Aequin & Tia.
form, ecclefiarum & Cities Acknowledge the Christians, and the great times.
Re socerebellar one of Alexandria aid. If things are equal.
Today Ecclefiarum in those regions survive, only to Patriar.
Can agnoscunt3vt j, one of which is now under discussion, the Ethiopians quosacom.
Africa a waste of races and carry dissiciles access liberty.
In fact, apart from it were so, or in those areas where there is now a Christian.
Nifmes was no, or hardly any, under the tyranny of the Muhammedana. Before lufiaS.
Ethiopia is the only approach beset by Christian Ethiopia.
Stian scarcely gives us the it was known, and that their falfo the name of the emperor.
Prestegiani: this was the name he was not with his men, who were in Amharic, but one who is.
In Asia the year c c a very wide range of affairs. Such conduct, however.
Perfica language Xayo ^ ixdg. For, in the language of jNanpia = * J3.
° are Xaö70x9 ;. QA = J5 qnanty Xa / 3oA / Xoç, to be exact.
it was agreed the top of the facerdoti, or dgχιεgâ name rather than to the king: my item.
g \ = * J3 & G $ Padeßha Prefigiami, King of the pope: that.
* Amharic would be £ 0} U; ST ® C * P * yrivhxx. Arabic auté ¢!% ^ 9i gxi.
Falfo, therefore, Prestegiani by them, which they that are of the Itinerary of Poli Venet ha.
riolati afian are the same when this is to be the one of the Ethiopian: that.
Both Christian. Indeed it before c c quof years.
The kings of the dam and the Ethiopians in the Afia, præfertim in the Drangiana, and the territories.
1) Sufianæ, and in India, the late ruler, until the commanders of the Mongols.
them the whole of Aphiah, they drove away, to be flexible or the first time, as they say, from the Cingi of Tartarus.
rum, the King, the interfeetor Vncam of them, emperor first. Then they add.
from the Cincano the son of Cing, Bathinus Cam & As for his son, all of them, AE.
thiopum missing from the kingdom, cast Moines & China and Africa from.
agaphseij vfque compulfos. But for us being as astonishing, it seems, a nation, ho.
by land and sea completely and unused to such a degree the day, sailors of the thing potentcm fuif.
fe, so that, because of Ethiopia, went to China when vfquc the Empire, and the ends of the of existence to the. Mm.
  • lll than 4.

68o: 1 o s e p h 1 s c a i G E R 50 1.
I would believe that Abissimorum behavior, and at the deepest Co A.
gnita right. But they goad our arguments, they say that it was an.
Witness command is still fuperesse crosses into Amharic Giapan, China ,.
And elsewhere. In addition, the temple of St. Thomas the Apostle in the realm of Malabar.
it has happened, strut and the nature crosses and other monuments are merely Ethiopia.
to be. They report in addition the name of, that proposal, but it is, nor, as the Indian ,.
A A A A 1 V 1 A. This was entirely Æthiopicc Apostle åozP :.
NOS. A voice that even those with the Arabs is common. For in.
Arabifmo ay] |}> are Paul. The Blue faulty pole intcrp.
A noted example vm s an c t v Marcus also writes Andreas Corfàlis, lure.
and westward over against the gold of them, whose name Colan, two fepulcra to be, and another for Tho.
mae of the Apostle, and the other of the Ethiopians, cuiufdam out of the country Prestegiani, B.
who ipfum to the Apostle of the county court is made. These Ethiopians out of that.
museums and the bus is called in Arabic J =] Elhabaschi. And so the crowd.
Abassi and Aba (field name. That is the argument that they are not purified.
Ai3iora; c / r /, z3oias, but from there acquittances Arabia. For Agaamoi.
, are classified into Arabia, and turifera from the old Scriptorcs to Urania, with the Sic.
Phanum. The Emperor Severus, which was carved out numifmate.
ABA> HNON. Well fortified, Imp. dictus is to be between the Arabian, it does not.
Amharic., Whose borders are doubtless arising from Arabia, and the first.
Oμηάra, had long been in Saudi. Axumite later ,.
King,, fine metropolitan City. Not surprising, therefore, if who is with the Ph.
Antony and Ptolemy called ἀμείτοι Arabia undertook two Procopii.
Axumite to be. Axumaenim are in Ethiopia, "they do not A.
rabia happiness. Besides the language, quafacros librosscriptos have that.
back from the true Æthiopica so much difference of opinion as far as the Italian Regiment, and, traversing Illyria ': Ger.
the sleeve and Hungarian. But these are the tongue, which in the course divine, they do wear ,.
The elegant, if the culture is used. Is a 7V *;:.
fya, that is, the freedom of, namely, that only in a woolen shirt, and the Arabs to that force.
And doctors who infederunt Ethiopia. This, I know, it does not admit that the Ethiopian.
foot equal to that of Kings fuorum feriem haetenus from the flood vfque in.
Chronic properties in the manner described habent.Sed that is a chronology.
We chaotic, full ViFa is not the end of the beloved and you are using credit D.
Some cenfeo that has been agreed that this language is blocked. Teflo.


Page 227

 Tamctfi.
are more closely a Hebrew woman, is the view, rather than from the Chaldean: However, as this ar.
that it is not there, my daughter, do bear ipfimet are to be trusted, where they now were honored.
it, and on the books of the facerdotibus studies. Ipfi fane in no other.
fefe name calling, though we know there are Pxpo A * P z Tyaiinis.
Ithiopiavvian. For PVIA CHVS c HIN, which a certain scripfit, too, you.
 From the ipfisD E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 1000 V 50 1 E. 7. 63.
Aabipfis to be called, I do not believe that: I think I was not expecting such experts. Ethiopian.
idemdicuntur, who theseprintT> Hebrew. In the lexicon Syroarabico the call.
1A: o ?. 1. ao2lA151A> O * J = G 398j Xx <&, but there are merideg.
® ¢ axluira /. On the Sidonians in panegyric to Anthemium ;.
 When the Taurus claufira checks.
Black men / Mie errands war panic relgans.
Deep calm servants / pcctaret Orontius.
Procopius Gazenfis In 1 Kings of Arabia. At ijv 336% ov%. §13j.
$ Key δ κάότα φασίν αὐτὸς ἐ 9αλαοτης Β Ιγόκῆς, όνομαζεσι δ αὐτεῦς Oμη.
eÃ ¢. Kατ 'αύτψυ δὲ είσι ἐλ A% »U £ λ μάτη ἀ ἀυτω κακόω η3dXaaro.
Yet then Abyssinia in Ethiopia crossed at Procopij ;.
See also Arabic flnum 4) x'u) $ d αοχλω to be called, still PROCOP.
1. In Reg. iv Ta / oiV ydgag. 7) Ivax said, τελέχει ἀκζ) Be29 ix /.
x ^ "$ y. But he that is called by the Indians, and still less was his inexperience they do, because of fear.
AB also carries some scripferint to be identified ,.
Right from the Nile to flow Virgil writes.
 5 / Mie river sinks it from the Indians. .
PROCOP. 5, a3i XIIa. Na ^ g * pop δ πόαμός ζ Ισω άπ 'Aiyvia 4:36.
μόρος. The same is about an elephant and a camel leopards Anastafio.
the general of the sending out of India, that is to say, the Ethiopians, Heading Marcellinus Comes indient.
Iiii Paul soil c o s. And Julian £ $ 6 a, c (i); In a letter to.
Bafil Σωραχμάς ά Ισ and connecting. V &% * 3. τ'ω βάό άμα ἀ.
Σλgax'w & Y Tog3j7a4 * O / xijam. Procopius με3 '8s (>} gax'w b) @.
% Υ ύ Ivd% £ ly. He had previously finu Arabian, fine Red ω'τη δε ή.
$ Αλαπα Κ Ισύ α3χομ $ μη άγ (αύα τέλὰ P®uaj2y * DG%. However, here.
our plane was not these that he calls the Christians to the Indians, but @g axºu%. But.
Panegyrist more clearly, let them come conquered% Niliacam, under which Egypt.
thiopum and 5 Indian dreaming. Ælianus the book. XVII history.
embrace and it seems that the Indians call them that were of the Ethiopians. It is no wonder, therefore, if it was then.
The dates, up call, this is coffee in the Scenitae A.
rabibus, of Chaldea their neighbors, as well as the Indian pestilence, & what is the name of the gold of Ophir.
Aethiopis means. She is only the language, which they call to do.
P, even the ride; History is written facras present. But the ill faith.
their books are traduct and mendofissime. Bad faith interpretation.
as well as, know that in the Epistles of Paul, in which you can hardly get three paragraphs had attended the.
iness; you will find, nor could the mind or the words of the Apostle in which he was restored to fint.
The whole fault preferred language of exchange between gutturalium.
e. which argues as well, there is no rules of grammar and among them, for thought to be extant: &.
We know that there are, indeed, with them, is to be able to be established, so that a.
We will attend to it. Iaetaris vctustatem Christianifmi from Candacc controlled.
   na 68 2 1 1 e p h o s s c a 50 1 G E R L
/.
na Philip the Apostle. However, it is obviously false reality A. Eccles
fiastica history. For fifteen years lustiniani Hadad, the Axumite King.
Vouit, if the neighbors overcome Omeritarum King, fč Christian.
um fa be. For after the conquest, King of Omeritarum, of Justinian, sent to our ambassador.
tis, he obtained from the co Bishops are to be the first who were omniumtunc Christianif.
mum in Ethiopia confiscated. And Fane euangeliis and Pfalms.
metaphors are all going to Rum & le factor, which nearly the time.
irrepferunt wounds received in the course divine scriptures. That is manifested.
tit nuperam their books, so tranflatione facras how.
Christianifmi profession. Journal of Fane of the Apostles, from the things that are at Rome.
wherefrom they are, in common with Italian language 7V £ conuerfis be xa.
mctfi is a man who shows, not only bore witness would be, however, the product of countless passages which B.
Not dissicile child and collect it. Hadad, the King of Axum.
first published in Ethiopia Christianifmum business. Axumaau.
tem was at that time with their king and of the princes. Although the Deferta now.
O spoiled one, of those, however, that the wealth of the old kings, from the remains of the gift.
And the glory of his ancestor. Still extant in which an unknown dispute.
ris the Senate, I, however, Æthiopicis with crosses on all sides. Although in the neck.
Wear it: they call it: at the far rear of them.
Christian kings of old, and we really Abafenos subsequent A.
Xumitor pronounced. Adagia /?) MeminitStephanus and to its Aάμω.
King Ptolemy. Even in Numifmate Alagabali Imp. read :.
AEOYMEITΩN. The life of the Emperor Aurelian Exomite improperly C.
is read, on behalf of, Axumite. At the same time I think it is not any fault librarij, but.
confuetudinem. Ephiphanius & awTou ^ ^ άγω. At $ 493, τ'ω μικgò yo.
aiaw Aye £ TIY τε & Bλεμάμίω, E39 *}; uiiV. Procopius remembers King AR.
the name of the Ellestiaei of the Ethiopians, who in the days of Justinian's a Christian.
him. Hadad, or whether he or his son have with one another.
it becomes necessary, I do not. Today @ A3aua is called.
from yourselves by Ethiopia, zUor: EVN, with the hard afpiratione, that Ara.


Page 228

 Ethiopia Ecclefiastica the history of Christianity.
We agei% A% calls. And when he was out of the old confuetudine around.
cidcrentur Ethiopia, according to Herodotus and other ancient fëriptoribus ,.
however, after taking Christianifmo foreskins of the exilla confuetudinis, of the means.
vfque day situation. But we must still agree with all damage by the law or that.
religion. Why falfo that preceded them æŸ some of today's fîipto.
business purpose. However, when the Ethiopians, such as Christian.
Muhammedani, and idolatry, too, the scourge, from the birth, all the lads.
Tim venasze% φησας hot iron to brand recognition, it is carried out by men.
rcbri the distillation fefe of protecting them, some of them amongst those fuperßitiofi.
hocD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 E. 7. 68 ,.
$.
AHoc turned to religion, and when a child is baptized, they've together.
Oehler temporary branded and acceptable to God what time do they deal.
dæ love fefe believe. However, there is no necessity to do so.
In fact, in the baptifmo nor do we even do that much. The springs do so.
tion of those nations, the idolaters, the stigma scripferunt Au.
And at their itineraries. The fact that it is a sabbath as well as those of the Lord.
they have from the work of the immune, that is not an argument Iudaifmi, but of the vc.
Christianifmi waste. For as many as the canons, ing those who, forbidding the Sabbath-day.
need to do? Canonxxxi 1 to 1 with Clemens and was Quifque.
he viii iya @rdo ® $% d \ ^ α τά ημάegς. ασρβα%%% XV2 / α.
x'w thanks ^ αέτωσαν έν τη έχκλησία δια τω δόασκαλίω * 60 {ας king. Et il.
Εlud he prefers the old rite celebrated in the wine.
tinetor out. Fidelity is then stopped, as it is palpable.
The Confecrat. Distinct. 11. When the charge where it taunts.
facerdotibus to the Egyptians, that intinétam the Eucharist osserrent, v t.
drinking together and brought into the wine again be squeezed out of the ripest. All things.
Even today, the Greek measures extant. However, the expression of reisins.
Odoardus Barbofa, he writes thus: Chrifiiami the Indians, who had come to the shrine of 5.7ho.
mæ ing before the Services cantemos represent the grapes on sea.
soaked, and then produces a wine that a shortage vimi. % \ Am the cornea.
passe they are brought down from the amech, 65 Ormuz, Thus Odoardus. She was Plane.
place are thus effected by the Ethiopians, who was in all points of the rite of the Old Ecclefiæ on Alexander.
Cdrinæ fequifè profitentur.Sed nunquamSabbatoieiunant for this fern.
By the feast, except Saturday before Easter. Where fequuntur.
Old Canon € i tig Neux x), and ge3fi rlu) XT? / zxlu) huíegy i,% Sweetness.
GZ '%, 7 ^ ω%% μόe, M5 & Joy, κα9αβάσω. Marcionists of £.
bato fast because they:, Ask on, at which the main party of the contemporaries of Epiphanius. Therefore no EC.
clefiæ, in addition to Roman citizenship, for the Sabbath fast, they eat either meat-meat.
However, on Wednesday, and fexta. 67. TG & ev \ @. Ta Poujoy% * & rear, rock.
¢ E; m </ ότων σωρραα, ό άγATος άλων £ AEI) aaßßato, xegteíro) xozyóy ,.
However, Innocent established the first week of fasting. See CA.
None 1 1 1 its regular letter. Nor fanguinem come again.
came, nor Sm24d7 \ @@, or, The dead bodies. Falfo which is preceded and ίζῆες.
ID infimulantur, ritu.vt in the Canon of 50 V from a most ancient of them, when this is the case,.
».
who are said to be in the Apostles' ei ti; ixiyor & h t CA Reg © h) cxoy © fi 6.
A »; £ £ x% x% λάγε isegtixä, 44) xgia; & Ajuati jvxi, Gui $ fi $ n.
'Euax% and y, h Synoiuaιον, κα $ αιςεύω, Sec. Last year, the Epi.
PHANIAS, fefe, are immersed in all the reservoirs, the memory of Baptift.
be carried out to establish the bottom of the speakers. They have corrupted.
custom when he brought her fuperstitionem of protecting them: of which it is the custom makes mention of.
Gregory Turonenfis a miracle. lib. At first, cap.Lxxxxvi 1. ¢ 1.
  μ € ¢ o s e p h 1 684 50 1 1 S C A G E R L
Day / or £ burn Epiphaniorum had not arrived, and the same side defeendit A.
rent, the cleansing of wounds in the body as well, that of the soul scars, they are asking this.
the remainder came to the shore. That is, Leo writes a letter.
Fourth, the Sicilian Bishop fault Epiphany BA.
ptifmum numerofiorem celebrate than at Easter. And so, it forbids.
them altogether, while the day, and be baptized. Bpiphan. However, he said Zozomena own.
Egyptians. That the greater part of the year, the celebration of the Liturgy of the sun of the West.
Brant, this is due to old instituto.Quod cymbals, harps and FYM.
had got the liturgy of the priests are to celebrate, that my lays, from the farthest antiquity is of ancient object in view.
then. Quæst falfo Justin attribute the cause is returned.
• Why é »EWX% ^ nota; p; άρ dJvxov ögyσων, κ, μ% dgxfivao $ x € 9τα.
7 \ () y ἀσέ). Happy Elegy for the Clergy Parifienfis B.
From small child adapts instruments Cam :.
Then / buying large ruétat from the edge of the horn.
Missee pair of cymbals as voices angle.
7) A / equal / fifiula figures that sweet / onat. I
But also to touch the rest of their own rite, it would be tedious. Certainly.
s lack of them, for example, and is used in innouarent and makes many.
interprets it falsely. Countless bishops facerdotes, DIAC.
we have a monk. Episcopafath the name of the Bishops and also to the Greek.
call facerdotes Papafath that the Greeks today. Patriarch Alc.
Alexandria tells of, so that the smoke of the Pope, whom fufpiciunt, Lika the Pope writes.
father. Metropoliten, the one who has the power to the all the bishops of the AEC.


Page 229


cant cári: KU?c:: caput vrbium. Archimandriten autem, aut, vt hic.
dicitur, Priorem vel Guardianum, Dauid vocant. Et cum aliquem.
cum fystaticis fiue formatis mittunt, ipfe præfe&tus monasterij fub.
scribit nomen, llle Dauid illius loci. Huius prisci moris vestigia ha.
bes in Decreto Gratiani de formatis 5 in quarum fine Dauid ponitur.
Longe plura scitu digna & vulgo ignota poteramus depromere tam.
de illorum ritibus , quam de lingua 'iv 'H:: cuius institutiones olim.
scripfimus. Inciderunt verò in manus nostras éx^gyα} istæ quædam.
magni Computi Æthiopici , quas tibidamus nunc, benigne Le&or,.
non solum publicatione , fed & illustratione dignas. Vtinam inte.
grum Computum & emendatissimum haberemus. Nam AEthiops,.
qui hæc excerpta descripfit , imperitissimus homo fuit. In numeris.
enim fæpe aliud agit: &, vt apparet , @ xa/e/%% omifit, quæ mul.
tum nos iuuarent, fi fidelius relata fuissent.Nemo est vetustatis amans,.
qui non plurimi faciat hæc scire , & in tantis rerum & linguæ pere.
grinæ tenebris haec a nobis potuisse deprehendi non miretur. Sed ad.
paucos ( vt funt hodierna hominum ingenia) & huius cognitionis.
amor,.

D.
!B E E M E N D A T. T E M P o R v M Li B. VII. 5ô 8.

' A amor , & tanti laboris fenfus perueniet. Antequam veroadalia per.
s gamus, Kalendarium anni Æthiopici , & alia , quæ facem his te.
ι nebris allucent, præmittcmus.
*.
£.

——.
  .
; IK A L E N D A R 1 V M E C C L E S I Æ.
f.   .
M. Æ T H I O P I C Æ.
l. * MASCA R A M  T IKM IT H C H A D A R I [THACHSCHASCH.
I' T H O T H. P A O P H I. A T H Y R. C H O E A c.
l. —;;;r—;— TT; 28 1 || 7 [v 1 1 1| 28 ΓTETWITTET.
j .'._ I • I 1 || 4 | VII |3o 1 1 | 6 | viri |29 1 I 1 I 19 1 1 | 3 28.
IB I II 5 3 I . . 1 11 || 7 3o III 2. Ixv 1 | 3 o II I 4 |x v 1 [i9.
1v | 6 [xvi |i Sept.] | iv | 1 [xvi |1 O&. 1 v | 3 | v 13 1 1 v  | 5 | v |36.
v || 7 | v [2 . V l * | v  |* v || 4. 1Nou. ——1° 1 Dec.
;;||||| [7; I, ;— WTTIT$T|xT]; WITT7T|xTTi ;—.
v I I | 2 [x II 1 [4 V II | 4 | x I II [4. v 1 1 || 6 || 11 | 3 v 1 1 | i | 1 1 [; '.
V III 3 I I [5 V I I I 5 II [5 V II I 7 4 V I i I 2. 4.
IX 4. 6 Ix l 6 6 I X 1 x || 5 IX 3 x [5.
x l 5 ] * [7 L] | * || 7 l * [7 * l * l 1° _ || *_| 4 | 16.
TRiT] T6T 8 ® XI I I 8 xTT|T5T|xvTi]7 x 1 || 5 [xviii|HT.
x II | 7 [xvIII [9 XI I . I 1 IxvIII [9 x 1 1 || 4 | v 1 i [8 xI 1 | 6 |v 1 1 18.
x I 1 I I I I VII [IO x 1 1 1 | 3 I vII [Io , x 1 1 1 || 5 9 xi 1 1 || 7 9.
XI V I 2 I I xIv || 4. I 1 x I v || 6 | xv l Io x I v | I | xv |to.
xv | 3 | xv. [12 _*V_|_5_]_xV [14__ x v || 7 | 1 v | 1 1 xv | 2 | Iv It t.
ΈVIITATI TWT|i;TT] [TXVT|T3TTW |j; ΈγτTITtT| T15 ΣΥΓΓ,TTHI.
X v I I 5 I4. xv 1 1 || 7 I4 xv 1 1 I 2. [x 1 1 | 1 3 xv 1 I | 4 x 11 |1 ; .
xv 1 1 1| 6 | XII | 15 xv 1 1 1| 1 1 xII [1 5 xvi 1 1 | 3 | I . || 14., xv 1 1 1| 5 | 1 [14.
x 1 x || 7 | I | 16 . X IX I 2, I [16 x Ix I 4 15 x 1x || 6 15.
C || **|||?—| |î||||? xx || 5 | ix [16_ || xx || 7 | 1 x [16.
s |,,,T|T|Ttz |Ì8T xx 1 | 4 | 1 x. || 18. xx I | 6 E||….TIT||;—.
x X I I I 3 19 xx 1 1 || 5 19 , xx 1 I | 7 | xv 1 1 || 18 xx II | 2 |xv 1 1|r8.
xx 1 11 1 4. [xv II] 2o xx 1 1 1 I 6 I xv 1 1 |2o xx 1 1 I | 1 I v 1 || 19 xx 1 1 1| 3 | v 1 [19.
xx 1 v || 5 | Vi || 2 1 xx I v| 7 | v 1 I ■ 1 XX I V I 2, 2O xx I v | 4 2Q.
xxv || 6 ]** _l [**" | ' || [** xxv |_3_|xiv [ai xxV || 5 [xiv [zi.
ΣΣΎi]T7T|xiv [25T xxv 1 || 2 | x 1 v | 23 xxvi|T4TITi [xaTTi [xxVT|T6TIT, |,A.
xxvII I I I III 124 xxv I 1 | 3 ] I II | 24 xxv1 1| 5 23 xxv 1 I | 7 *3.
xxVIII 1 2 25 xxvIII | 4. '25 xxvIII | 6 x I | 24. XXVIIII I XI | 24.
xx 1 x | 3 | x 1 [26 xx ix || 5 | x 1 || 26 xx ix| 7 |x Ix [15 xxix | a |x 1 x| 15.
xxx || 4. | xix 27 xxx || 6 'x ix ' z7 X X X , I 26 ` xxx ' 3 26 '.
Mmm TIRI o s E P H I S c A L 1 G E R I.
T I R IACHA TH ITH M A G A B IT H M 1 A Z I A.
TYBI. M E C H I R. PHAME N OTH. PH A R MVTHI.
ΤΤΑ Γβ7 T;; 26. TTTT xvi [75T IT|T3T[xviT;.
1 1 || 5 |xv 1 [28 1 1 || 7 |x v 1 [27 I 1 || 2 | v |26 11 | 4 | v | 28.
I I I | 6 | v | 29 1 1 1 1 1 l v | 28 I I 1 | 3 |. 27 I 1 I || 5 29.
I w || 7 3o I V. 2. 29 1 v || 4 |x 1 1 1| 28 I V. 6 Ix 1 1 1|3o.
v . 1 I | x I I 113 1 _V_|_3 [XIII|3°__ v 5 || 11 | 1 Mar. v 7 | 11 131.
VITITATI TII|Tian. Tv II 4 TII [31 T„T|T3T|T | E TWT|T|T|TÄpr.
v1 1 | 3 , 2 v 1 1 || 5 1 Feb.] | v 1 1 || 7 | x || 3 V II I. 2. X l 2.
v1 1 1 || 4 | x || 3 v I I I | 6 | x || 2. V I I I 1 I 4 vi 1 1 | 3 3.
1x 5 4 IX 7 3 IX 2. [xvIII] 5 IX 4. [xvii) || 4.
x_ || 6 [xvui| 5 || _ x | ' [xvn] 4. | | x | 3 |v ii | 6. ] [ x ] 5 [Vir | 5.
ΎT|T7T|VII|T6 x 1 || 2 |v 1 1 || 5 ΣΓΓΑΤΓ Γ] [TxT|T8T|T|T6.
X II I I 7 x I I || 3 6 x 1 1 || 5 | xv || 8 x 1 1 | 7 | x v || 7.
x 1 1 1 ■ 1 | x v || 8 x I 1 I | 4 | x v || 7 x 1 1 1 | 6 || 1v || 9 X III 1 ] I v || 8.
x 1v | 3 | 1 v || 9 xi v || 5 | 1 v || 8 x I v || 7 ` lio X I V || 2. 9.
* V_ || 4 | _ |3 | | | * " 6 2 _| | _X V_|_I_|x 11 |! ! __ xv | 3 | x 1 I | Io.
xvT|T5T] xii I 1 X v I | 7 |x I I | IO j||||| T&vT|T4TIT 1 I •.


Page 230

 I2 .
xv 1 1 1| 7 I3 X V IIII 2 I2 XV II 1| 4 | I x [14 xv 1 1 1] 6 I 1x 11;.
x 1 x 1 1 | IX I I4 X i x | 3 | 1 x | I 3 x 1 x || 5 15 x Ix || 7 114.
xx_ || 2 f_ [15_ || ** | 4 | _ [I4_ || ; xx || 6 [xvi *|i6 , ] | xx | 1. [xvi'|5.
TxxT|T3T|xvi]T6 xx 1 || 5 |xv 1 1| 15 xxT|7T| TVI [FT T¥¥TITATITVI H3TT.
x x 1 1 || 4 | v 1 | i xx I I | 6 | v I | 16 X X I I 1 I i8 xx 1 1 | 3 17.
xx 1 1 1| 5 18 x x 1 1 1| 7 17 | x x 1 1 1| 2 |x I v |19 xx 1 1 1| 4 |x 1 v |18.
x x I v || 6 |x I v || 19 .|x x I vf I x Iv || 18 X x I v| 3 | I II [1o xx 1 v] 5 || 11 1 [19.
xx v || 7 | 1 1 1 [2o xx v | 2 | 11 1 [19 XX V || 4 | _ [21 x* v || 6 |_ |3o.
ΣΣ, [TT|T|XTTTT |xxv 1| 3 2O xxv 1|T;Tî 3 ; ETTI [¥¥Wi|7T|TXT |T.
XX v I II 2 | X I | 22 xxv I 1 | 4 I x I | 21 xxv 1 1| 6 |x ix [2 3 xxv 1 1| 1 '|x Ix 122.
xxviii | 3 |x I x || 23 xxvIII] 5 [x Ix [xx. xxvii 1| 7 |v 1 1 1|24 xxviI1| 2. [v 1 1 , 123.
x 1 x | 4 | v 1 I i[24 xx 1 x || 6 Iv 1 1 1| 23 X X I XI I 15 x x 1 x] 3 14.
xx || 5 25 x x x || 7 24. X X X || 2 26 X xx 4 25.
G I N B O T H S A N E H A M L E N A C H A S E |.
p A c H O N. PAYNI. E p I P H I. M E S O R I.
ΠΤΕΤv [26 I | 7 v 126 |T £ 25 —;— 4 —;—.
I I | 6 A. I I I I 27 1 1 . | 3 [x 111[26 II 5 [x111 [26.
1 1 1 || 7 |x I 1 z8 M II 2 lx I II [28 I I I 4. I I I [27 II I 6 || 1 I \27.
1 v | 1 29 1 v | 3 | 11 [29 1v || 5 28 1 v j 7 z8.
v | 2 | ri \i9_ || V || 4 || [3°_ || V | 6 l x [9_ ||_ V_ || i | x 1*2.
TvT|T;T[ x || 1 Mai. || v 1 || 5 | x 31 v 1 || 7 3o ;— |;||—.
v I I | 4 2 v I I | 6 1Iuni.| |v 1 1 ] 1 [xviii] 1 Iuli] | v 1 1 | 3 [xviii|;i.
v 1 1 1 || 5 [xvi: 1 | 3 v 1 1 1 | 7 |xviii] 1 V I I I I 2 IV I I | 2 v 1 1 1 || 4 [v 1 1 ] 1Aug.
IX 6 | v I I | 4 IX I |v I 1 | 3 I X 3 3 IX 5 2.
x || 7 |_ || 5 || * | * | [ * ] | * l * [*' |* — ] | * l 6 [*Y |3.
ΠΣΓ [TT| x v | ó x 1 | 3 | xv] 5 T x i | 5 | iv || 5 xi |7T| 1 v || 4.
x I I [ z ] IV || 7 x 1 1 || 4 | I v || 6 x 1 1 || 6 6 X II I I 5.
* x 1 1 1 | 3 8 x 1 1 1 || 5 7 x 1 1 1 || 7 |x 1 1 || 7 x 1 1 1 1 , lx 1 1 1 6.
x I v || 4 | x I i | 9 x I v ] 6 I x II | 8 X 1 V I I I | 8 x 1 v || ; 1 1 7.
x V || 5 | ' ['°_ || *" || 7 | ' | 9 ] | * Y. | * | | 2_ ] | *V || 4 8.
xv 1 || 6 I ! X V 1 I I IO x V 1 | 3 ] I x | Io X V I ΤΤΤΣ ;—.
x v 1 1 | 7 | IX [12 X VII I 2 1 IX III x V 1 I | 4. I 1 X VII I 6 IQ.
X V I I ■ I I. I3 x v 1 1 1| 3 I2 xv 1 ii ] 5 [xv11| 12 xv 1 1 1| 7 [xvii |1 1.
x I x || 2 [XVI I|I4 x Ix || 4. [xv 1 1|1 3 xrx | 6 | v1 | 13 X IX I I I V I } I2.
xx | 3 [ VI [15_ || ** || 5 || VI [4 XX 7 !4 _| |_x x_ |_* I3.
Tx xT|T4T 16 xx I l 6 5T XXT|T|xTv[5 ¥xT|T3T[xT,HATT.
xx 1 1 ] 5 [x I v ] 17 xx 1 1 || 7 [x I v |16 x x 1 1 l 1 l 1 1 1 || 16 xx 1 1 | 4 | 1 1 1 [15.
xx 1 1 1| 6 || 1 1 1 [18 xxi 1 1| 1 I III [17 XXI I I || 3 17 x x 1 1 1| 5 ' |I 6.
xx I v || 7 19 X X IV I 2 18 xx 1 v || 4 | x 1 || 18 xx I v || 6 | x 1 [17.
x xv | i | x 1 [2o _ || XXV [ 3 ] xi 19_ || [x x V | _5_|x I x[19__| | xx V || 7 |x I x[18.
ΣχVIITE [xIx [xTTT] , xxvi || 4I|xix 56 x x v I | 6 2O ¥¥¥,|T|T|JTT.
xxv 1 1| 3 22. lxxv 1 1 5 2I xxVII | 7 | x || 21 X X V I ] [ 2 ] X I2o.
xxvIII] 4 [ X || 23 | xxv111] 6 I x |zz XXV IIII I 22 xxvi 1 ) || 3 2I.
x x 1 x| 5 24 [xx i x 7 23 x x 1 x || 1 [xv I [23 xx I x || 4 | x V 1|22.
xxx ' 6 xv 1 [25 | ' xxx ' I ix v 1 24 x x x 1 5 [14 X X X ç 23.
PLIN.
CI } ,.
D E E M E N D A r. T E M P o R v M LI B. V II. 68».
% —,at  A P L IN T H I O N. ÉÉ •••*•'•*«. P A G O M E N | . Kalenda.
Matth F] [i.  *P^coMEN*. | rium Æthio ,.
I. atthæus, 3  ~ —— I •.
1 I | Marcus 4 | D : ¤; §î, i. 6 *;;';;^ug. picæ Eccle.
1 1 r | Lucas 5 | C 3 I i I XX V I I I ■ I ; I I ā fiae descri tú.
1 1 1 I Iohannes | 7 j B —t. x 1 v XV I II I I [1 | X | 27  p..
v :£i;us I ! A ;jT; ¥WT vTT] | , 3 28 est 1I1 mCn.
v I arclus > | F 6 V r XX I w f. d .
Σ;;, $i,„| , | i, || zl xyi : | x: ii es duodecim.
_v 1 1 1 . j ■ouannes | 5 | 1) | | 3 ; x a. .
í* í|*|j||;;;!!'|—;| $axo/Jmuiges , & quinquo.
„ j;i'î'* | | | £ || 3| xx .;. [Pagomen, cum appcllationi.
I I. I. X I X    .
$it $pe |3 |F || ;| xi. | § ] bus Æthiopicis & Ægyptia.
X I I I Matthæus 4 E D T3 XX I ■ I —;;;— cis Menfibus. llatCrnæ C  *.
*;'^}'' | 3 | j || ij] y [ xxy | i'_' quaternæ co.
IB JV, 'iî., | , | X|| 33] _$y xv | lumnæ datæ funt.Prima con.
   , ——— |— I 6 I x X v I I V.   .
**] xv ; IT MĘthaeus|T| G F |j;|*jjì|,j;;Ti tinet dies menfis, fecunda Re.
xv 1 1 1 . Marcus | 3 | E || 3| xv,,, | x ,, ularem feri  Plin.
î* ;.] : |3 || 2' * $$$ | 3 eriæ, qui cum PIin.
X x • , IOnanneS   .
T.xiT Marifixus,T7]BA| . . • thio compofitus dat feriam.
,;;;; $it | ; | ? diei. Tertiacolumna comprehendit Matque, hoc.
I I I ; .
Υ$i$ iohannes] , [ E] est, refiduum de xxx, abieéta epacta. In quar.
M. th S D C   • .
Ê', É"] . ["] ta columna funt dies Iuliani. Sine hoc Kalenda.
ζ,$.] ' I % | rio impeditissima est omnis methodus Computi.xxv 1 1 1 Iohannes | » G.
Adieétus est cyclus Plinthij cum quatuor Euan.
gelistarum nominibus, & litera cycli Romani. Postremo fequiturcy.


Page 231

 .
A 1 100 100 N O N E S S A G o G 1 100 f. 3.
I. N V 1000 thanks terms. From the years of Christ Throw 283. relies.
When is the year of grace. This is the year 1 596 Dionyfianus. Ah.
IEETA 28; It follows a year of favor, fine Martyrs 1 31; Offspring.
xx 1 x August to its country by the year 1596.
1 day i evangelists such statements. Divide the year of favor.
Matt 1 1 1. The remainder of the cycle bearing on the nomenEuan.
elistae. If nothing is left of diuifione XXVIII, is enjoined year.
geliste, this period of the year 1596 13 13 year grace through the guitar.
end before. Abieétis all 28 stays year xx v cy.
Dcli, of which the evangelist Matthew. The entire fabric of the same, and the year of grace.
1; 1; Dionyfiani of the year, beginning from the 29 August 1569, shall be called the IUI.
GA Marfiajs, the Matthaei. We have three evangelists, Matthew ,.
Mark, Luke fistuntneomeniam Thoth flue Mascharam in nine.
Augusti.Iohanncs that promotes month mascara, the X XX.
eiufdem of August, for the sake of bifextum Æthiopicum, that is, the sixth Pa.
gomen, which, indeed, is preceded by bifextum Julian diebus to the sun.
18 push oh. .
Mmm 1 3. Plin688 1 o s e p h s c a 1 1 50 G E R L
3. Plinthiom inuenire.Per preceding year have EUANG A.
listae, or at the solar cycle. And so, 1 year; 13, who is only twenty cycle.
ris, taken forth in the country of Matthew, who is the evangelist of the year, on behalf of, Plin.
Thio 5, 500 Roman letters by the two c. 5 is the Plinthionan.
if 1; 1; propofiti. Paul Alexandria Ifagoge do astronomy.
cet, discovering how it is done Plinthion. Years of Diocletian.
drantem he bids to add on with the Catholics of z. fummam through 7 for each.
which method account Aethiopicus. He calls huig £ €% y. Sm.
94. Mechir 2 O hebat year of Diocletian. This is the oldest men.
tion annual account.
4. JOHN day terms. Avoid confusion between John Day.
days Giovanni, ημάςα) IJdów8 & ημάςας Ισω8. For the John B.
After next year, the number of plural bifextum, having Euan.
Evangelist John, cuiufmodi year is now running 131 2, which is behind.
A few days later defined. But it is the day of the week of a new moon Toth, fiuäga Iaaje flue.
Mascara. Plinthion has gone before the discovery of the laws.
I will give to its moons differently mascara mascara, fine Toth.
alarm 5 to 3, abieétis 7, the first Friday of the new moon give Toth, either.
Mascaram.Quod true. The Sunday version of Roman estcui ,.
that is the mark of nine Augustus, from where it starts mascara. Blow up.
Mascara, therefore, of the year of grace 131; then on the first day. Thus, by totuman.
I make for the day, whether he gives Plinthion propofi for regular cuiuflibet of the day.
tæ.Idem say about Plinthio this year præteriti.Scribebamus annoDiony.
Fiano 1 596, 13 August, on fexta. Over XIII Augustiin Ka.
lendario has twenty Nachafe flue Mefori and running again year, Joan.
end Plinthion 4. Then the regular 4 2 compofito datfe.
to assert the propofitus main force in the XIII August, that is, the twenty Nachafe. .
V. epactorum and matque terms.) On some years abiice six.
The other, abieéta unit is the cycle of gold bearing side.
Epaétam & matque. If nothing is left of diuifione, the year of quæfitus.
The XIX grade of gray. From 31 years of grace 1; Throw all six. Re.
2. Throw remain unity. Ergoanno some 13 1; incipitannus first.
the mouse, cycle: from the region of Epaétas of which thou hast, xi, xix matquê. So D.
1313 will be a year of grace Epaéta xi matque six. .
6. & 4nnum periods thanks to find.) From the years thanks Throw all.
2. The remainder of the 53 year period. So thanks to years 1315, groups.
532 and tie everything remains the 249 year period of grace at the beginning of the year.
1313, 1596. Now the Dionyfiano.
These things We have given the thing, need to be clarified in advance, & to see the rest of the way.
supported.
N boredom E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. B. V 1000 51 5 2. 689.
$ A N N o t ae 1 100 t o 1000 P 5 5 M.
. AE P O T H 1 1 5 100 M.
\ Lord's call San B A T H H R ZA c 1 s t o s, Saturday.
Christ. Weekdays feptimi call sa n B A T H IV 500 1, £.
Jewish proved.
the calculator is right.) Compute straight calls that all Christians.
wear ourselves as ipfimet Ethiopia interpret edition of the news.
Testamenti.níìrm.cf.W: Hhæ: H / T \ ύη. MCA n> 3nCirf.P Z: A £> & A \ CF spades.
TB Kun: ficus £ ri: TJ: Oh £ F + v * •: Hahaßb net zachama zahasbu cullomu ,.
Christie im pithratha squadron of F / EHA Christos Ham / from vvahamssu meth.
AMATH. The correct account of how compute all Christians.
, Freed from creation of the world vfque for it, quinquagintaquin.
that hundreds of years. The Ethiopians greater fummas by the hundreds.
 rios, rather than by thousand-containing receives when it: take it, so on behalf of five times.
i. say ten, fifteen hundred and fifty-five, also.
 Batavian crowd is accustomed to being. From the beginning of things for Christmas.
55oo as soon as they age. However, more than one Ecclefia Antioch 5 5oi.
| They call her age thereof Xao Äöveo% to αμ: A case of Adam. Wonderful Au.
tem delusions are reports from those began to feel apprehensive. For when the Greeks Compu.
Pascal carry on from the beginning of the Christ, imagine 5 years, 5o8, these.


Page 232


they detract years. Ethiopia to do this, and grae.
ci certain Grand Monk, and the history of Constantinople ,.
 out of which his books' confarcinauit, Landulfus Sagax. In recent years, for example.
»Christ radiation away from a computer Dionyfiano years. Therefore.
 Ethiopia Ægyptienfes annum 1 577 1585 opinion by.
 xxix day of August of the year 1584 .: menfis, who was a Year of grace, fine.
 Martyrs Diocletianea 1 3 oi the world, like the supposed equal ,.
7 O77. Disserentum years old world and the grace fecun.
as long as the computation of Æthiopicum, of the year. 577 6. Here is calculated ;.
Dqui AB c * V: straight, fine ögäöd'o% ος said. For in ch £ w; for.
price, which Syriacc $ 4 vnn said. .
Jahn guidance ") The first part of the account pertaining to the Moon. It is.
Now Canon ajcmiye9: 463 librarij fault. Some call the year.
Diocletiancam martyrs of the Ethiopians to the air, since it is more, and the year.
the grace period is meant Dionyfiana Anatalia Christ drier. No.
Dionyf well for periods of the year thanks be less trustworthy. AR.
Ethiopians are periodic intervals, 53 years old? deduce from dropping in others.
Dioclctianea and nevertheless call the year of grace. The Ethiopians jury.
Mmm 3 hmanen.
S A B B A A A (hrifii.) 7:63 ha5o ^ gods and sharing as well. For black men diemό9 @ 1 o s e p h s c a 50 1 1 G E R 1.
manenfès year of 1548, thought Dionyfiano year grace A.
2 oh oh. The year was Diocletianea 12 64 from which two abieétis be.
Rio Dionyfianis Io64 stays ducentefimus year of grace, for example.
He was propofitum. Aware of the year thanks again, one encounters this year.
Diocletian. At the end of Pfalterij that is with me, AE's own hand.
thiopum writing, NH? *: eih * t o% \. \ $. For the F% w **; 2 ° / fiZ *: Bazamma.
Iohami, Wangelavvi Metha vvata / AA vvaclethu Amatha mihrath. In.
At John ', an ongoing centefimo nonagefimo.
no. Set up 19 years ago with the O64 1 1 2 56 2. Fiuntannia Emperor.
Add disserentiam Christ and Diocletian 28. They are produced all the year to you.
1539 Christ, which was the year in which this writing Ethiopia. Diui.
1 2 56 out of 28. It remains to cycle the 24 who were in the B.
Giovanni, as is indicated in the cycle of the Sun and Plinthij. .
guatuor smooth) This irrepferunt IX of the canon. And so, repeatedly to one.
They give. For the ninth canon, irrespective if four equal, to be.
John the Evangelist. In his eclogis see it everywhere vcstig Osci.
Hight eclogarij. .
Amatque) a> gg v ^ ypafx the Horn of Amharic. So the call mi.
from the region of the wine to be called menfis wel known, by a gold, yea, the day ipfum.
menfis, au, however, as you have in the vniuerfam the context of Kalendarij.Numerus.
the defendant notes that nouilunia, a trumpet, to announce sentence of that old word for the some of the Hebrews were accustomed to :.
You may Pfalmorum Lxxxi. Perhaps sought from here is the name of a.
Rigo. I think ćq & # w * improper for bone ®v Diet inuer C.
f letters. In fact, Arabic »lax. Yep, it refiduum. That is.
Matquê is nothing else to be is what refiduum, that epaéta, he cuts off dc.
xxx, I do not give to several that demonstrate this. This therefore it is not true.
mouse voice for this cause. .
The first 7ikmithnom matque EFI) It is clear from the calendar. Neo.
meniaTikmith does not have a matquê: but it is the first xxx mascara.
* Do commißearù with refraéfariù) For if ncomcnia has Tikmith.
it would have matquê, that would be a golden cycle of the XIX, which is in xxx.
Mascara. And furthermore, when it comes to the XIX cycle XXVI 1 Magabith, cm.
Matt is a major Magabith nouilunia Paschal nineteenth year of D.
cycle and confequenter John Moon is the tenth Miazu. That fit in.
The number of Tikmith has been marked by a golden new moon of the XIX, the same in the.
Matt Magabith would be too conspicuous, and quartadccima Moon essec.
in xi Miazu, which, however, he was in truth the fifteenth day of the moon. Then.
Christians might be quite confusing, Easter ft x Miazu.
it was Sunday. Orthodox celebrate it in x Miazu, but lethargic.
And Tarija in xviv. they \ 'R 3; He calls them Arab _Âá]] Elcaphar.
VnumD from E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 1000 V 50 1 E. 7. 69 r.
Beta XI. Reciprocal system.
A vmum Throw) method cycle Pascal ordered after diuifio.
end years of grace unity before. The cause is clear. For the first time.
The mouse cycle, when it is epaéta XI. But Diocletian sccun year.
incunte do, however Chrißi 285 cpaéta the XI. Therefore the ongoing year.
Diocletian was the first cycle. The unity of proindc Dioclc years.
raments rejected.
O & odecies increase) incompetence of his native places, shows that these EC.
logas descripfit. I have not read i5 ΓE, that is, six ,.
do not xviii. The employment of two neighboring epaétarum XL-two.
But a continuous matque discussing x 1 x. Remove from 1 x epaétam.
XXX. You matque six. Remove Matquc XIX of thirty. You have the EPA.
A.
£ urfùs as thy daughters Plinthiom) pertaining to the second account.
The solar cycle method. In Amharic membranascriptum P 1N.
O N & T hi, fine librarij that there is an error, it is customary, or Eclogarij, fine so far.
Ethiopia to write. Cedrenus fi τας E \ Nov Cai z ^ i / 3o; AATEP.
Koya aj§ Pouaioi; λόγέ). § z ^% t / 3® ®nuoaiæ, 34%% 'τε δύ ά.
A & / **,%% $ J & egr uring δυσμα% dτςyeg4%, e íyey4% # * rexo ;.
EI; A râlegyoyoy us τίτ © τις έ γgσμμῦ Ἀλύ31®.

Page 233


τις όνομαζεσιν, GX EID) edge, and the tit ^ ® xvgiœ, if agoy £ A4) άγ) d% ®ματων.
λόγέ), and Howl) fitger; αγωό ygauufi. Hence, in the Glossary Laterculum ;.
5, gat & iay. It hath in it the names of the soldiers, who were in the Roman numeration.
100 salaries box. Therefore, the concepts of a definite, and the thing hath been set nu.
A T E R V 50 CV 1000 is a mere 50. Ifidorus: (yclus is ambiguous.
In the summarized / it, moving in a circle di / placed in order to embrace it.
animorum be fine variety. Oh here l.At E R cv 50 vM It has been observed that.
the state has an order of years. Therefore, this state rich in order ,.
And the fixed number is 50 CV 50 A T E R V Marcus Eiufmodi the Cata.
loous numcrorum and Roman legions. Even so, Diet m.
tion week. In return for the holidays. So & Com.
putatores ancient Latins cycle hebdomadicam 50 A T E R V CV 50 M.
call. An Ethiopian 's computer does not go far from this, however, his senses, his deepest heart.
For the same reason LINT P H O N CPA calls and insisted sunlight that rule.
the chronicles of the appofitum your ears, for they give Characters flue condition of the day, so that ha.
BCS ifagogicis with canons 111 and TV. In which he demonstrated.
the year of grace 13 1 3, close calls on the first day. To test.
we are by this method. Diuifis 1 3 1 3 for 4, and the summa of diuifione.
When I 3i; Compofita, 1641. adieétis two things happens, and fum.
MA diuifa through 7, left for five Plinthio. The number five.
with 3 the charaóter mascara, compofito, abieétis 7, gives.
I make for the first, as he was propofitum. v.
 AM mm Sema69 4: 1 o s e p h s c a 50 1 1 G E R L
As the host came off) Merrill's E P T E N A. For the Ethiopian membrane.
terms with well-known fenarij a magpie that has been written by him, the size of which is from the feptenario, it is not.
dissertation form.
Infuper alertness / Capra him 2) The regular mascara with Plinthio.
compofito gives the mascara will make a new moon. Because of regular.
Mascara is number three moons, and in the first year of Diocletian.
begins Friday, so Plinthion the first year of the primoan 3. Itaque.
no two of the unit Compofita give Plinthion. But if regular.
of a new moon mascaras would be united, then Plinthion of the first of the year would have been.
five. Therefore, not two, as now, but only four have been added.
After fummam pipe with a summa compofito years. In.
it has happened, for it is the power of thine, whom the Rule 's wish to establish their own. .
But it is from it depends on that Plinthion. Then again, you can Plinthion the decision.
setting, but its regular fequetur law. If the first or regular.
dear there is a united, Plinthion should be five. contrary.
70iem Iohammù) said in the canons Ifagogicis, Canon 4.
From the beginning of the year and tiaci and nine martyrs of August, in which the police.
The Passion of John the Baptist, which is fcquitur Roman Ecclefia.
In the calendar of Antioch of the Syrians, too, from the region of XXIX A B ,.
the Sixth Julian to read isosso i> Oh! oiaj Love '.
| * \ O <J 1A1a from $ O $ o $ ^ al gizácyo XavTo ewuò, Iaawe 3.
ραῖς ά, ζ τελῶ? agoyóve Figjam to AU e dgxì 9 Aiyviiv and lowrf /.
However, away from the region 7 a cone, a poC the same as the calendar of the of Antioch.
sterioris, which is the seventh of January, he writes, is scssoi "" Oh! σι ^ • 5atoa. "
Xτοκεφαλισμός Ιωάe 3 and $ cremated. Or does Xavxaqa ^ tub, resting their is this one.
traduétiones ἐγ λειφαύων know. In clocks Constantinople.
no to XXIV February, if τ; σπέ σωτάey & grí * easily; x <Paaj; 3a; O.
they live. Also to twenty May, becomes im & gt; * Uuia xeqaxj 8 Agodeju8 ,.
But the calendar Ecclefias Elkupti the second Thoth: <\ £: x £.
"<> <=)« »JS §> \ & Y g) &, *!] \>} J« »J%] and MapTgoy.
Give "iaaio 3 Gai, and, and uapTgoy & aaaiua & sçgur / (y. So one day be.
settling questions that remain Ecclefias.
eAbiice from him, 11) by virtue of the new moon of the first of the year, martyrs day of the week, so that it is not Decimus
once we have said. In the first five years or bored into force 11 ,.
or two of the eight away. Because, in fact, nothing can be taken away, of the VHI.
Sommer added an entire week, so they become V 1 1 1. To set HA.
I humbly sixth, detrahcnda the two. Whether the two.
summa away the flue interrupt the top five in the same reciditme.
thodus.
"Pagomtm) Eaayógôpou yuiga corruptc PA c o Lo, from 1000 to waken them.
tur.IdD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. B. V 1000 51 5 2. 69.
A draw. The same is the King 'Em bears witness to the honorable of the priest Francis Aluarez.
Manuel in suo itinerary Aethiopicus. Of those, he said, to imitate for years.
nine of August, the day after the beheading $ Iohammis. EFL year duodemum reasons.
fium: menfis tricemum days. C4nno office / uperant the V sighs.
1000 O N A L N E cent to 5 years intercalarifiunt / from the rest of the nature of mind.
This one. Some ltalia a money-changer Ægyptienfis; He quædamex them.
tranfmittenda countries have prepared writing to me in the year 1 585 ,.
Ethiopian, five days a year excurrentes above the call.
A B A T H E or O N A L N E 1000 A B A T H E deals with the άπο.
χόρέρω. ηΛ ^ τ, the Hebrew word nisaip But I am in their wallet.
tis haetenus I have not read. At the end of the year, Luke teitio year lustri lu.
B liani, INTERCALARY one day, and made Pagomen force. As the year before.
Mince 1595, which began 1 year of grace; 12, there were six Pagomen sea.
The year began to be settled on the thirtieth day of August, was Saturday. And so, intercalare.


Page 234

 Enter the time was not convenient.
of them of the solemn celebration with them, who live from mere annoIuliano ingly high.
it, in Latin, Greek, and Antioch. For example. In the past year.
Julian, who was Christ 1595, twenty fifth of December was in.
which is celebrated as the birthday of the Dominicus.At by Ethiopia, xxix Tahaschasch ,.
in which the same birthday is being celebrated, there was a day of the week by force. That is, the annual.
Bede, when the Egyptians are talking about a year, a change fairs.
because it is on the calendar in the Egyptian intcrcalationem diuerfis loser.
unaffected carried out.
Vt s c 1 a s t c 1 1 1 500 N O N E A n NV 1000 1000 G R A T 1 A) of the Year.
of the grace, that is, the year of martyrs Dioclctianeum a whole at any time ;.
be taken away from them at any time at periodic intervals Dionyfianas, beak above the dcmonstra.
forth. Here are some other method levy, take years to happen.
pollution than integers. The first year of Diocletian, that is, Christ 284 m.
gods and the action began on September the third and the Mascaram.Ideoduo added.
Give Diocletian years, the method of labor. This is the year of Christ.
1 596, 1 ​​315 Diocletian, a nine Augustus, Indian and action plans the tenth. Years.
Therefore, 131; two of alertness. Throw all XT. It remains to levy the tenth.
An n vm e va n g e s t a r 50 1 VM) dehoc fated, in the canons IFA.
Pgogicis and in line Plinthij, fine solar cycle. Canon is no obscurity.
he has tis. Ethiopia Romanenfium the year of 1548, Bio.
cletiani 1, 64, call John 'time. 1 year to 2 64.
4 diuifa with no leaves. Therefore starts illeaniius postfextam Page.
men, and the whole year of being a ημάςα Ιωσυ8 Eayy € λιγά.Prima it.
Mascara is ημάςα surpasses & Loa * 8.
Entering fasting) Third party account of the movable feasts. In.
Twins fasting also named the τω τλgéïa ai, oh myetèy.
Syri694 1 1 e p h o s s c a 50 1 G E R L
Syrian 1Sco; > * * Y despite the spirit and lsaq; \ Y >> thick. Armenij A.
Ar t z z 1 EVT 1A, that is, @ aegodejua because this is fast in comparison.
to him, rigorous quadragefimam. However, Greek, Latin, Armenian, Sy.
ns cases, idemquc ieiunijintroitus, namely quinquagefimo how.
Greek rlu) zv2 / 2% $ zx'ω δ δg3odo call, also τω ἐdopuada ve9Φα.
, Oy, which is fast sua aufpicantur and τάς ήμί €% Xayxgeaoiu & ,.
in such a way so that in the mean time a sheep, Cafés & steps with butter, abstincant. Replace the Russians ,.
NMoscouitæ, and the many other nations that facra also to the Greek rite, but of the fermo.
Do not Slaues they engage in, LN is the same strength of the word 1000 A S A, or is to be, Getv € 94) esophagus.
£} ομασα call. Æthiopica Ecclcfia however, that neither Sunday ,.
nor is accustomed to fast on the Sabbath, from the Scxagefima enters into a fasting of Put, the days of.
Before ten Carnifpriuium Roman, such as domain and keep B.
co.mpenfet. Francis Aluarez Fasting for religioßßime / scratching Au.
fpicantes it feriafecunda the neighbor $ exagefimam, this is the time.
x front carne / first mostrum.) See the rest. For the old plan.
is τας κυειακας αίΚζις τελᾶν. Ephiphanius: τές δ xveuaxdg DTDa & ς.
qgvφςegς ήγάτα, ή αγία αὐτὴ κα3ολύ άικλησία, κ σωαζας Ci4 'i23sy.
£ mrexá and & n5. Also, τάς δxve / axaS έλ & * & * & ς & W αυτή τεαυρακος ί (wn.
ς & εον.) This apprimc watch Æthiopcs. For acting in their honor.
the early morning hours, every Sunday. However, a period of fasting through.
spending the whole day of starvation, he confeéti that when the Sun of the West, they contribute to the synaxes fe ,.
which operated the food fumes. Has AWO% εις λτί άνατκ άeg ;.
to be celebrated, a witness of the same Epiphanius, from imitation, that is, e êwdtV; Iudai €.
Heaven, by the Agoa 60% and sacrifice vefpertinum began. In t r o.
1 TV's, then 1 V NI El Negro is Sexagefima.
In the previous (Saturday)] feptimi first Saturday of the week as well.
Jews call Saturday. The other is on the first Saturday ,.
ipfis said Saturday that Christ or, as in their own language ,.
Sanbathe Chriflo or Sanbath Zachristos.
Luke adjicito) running in this year of grace 1; 1 2. The cycle Paf.
chalis XIX, first by the rule. Wherever it on the calendar.
came up to meet xix, there is a matquê, by means of the same canon. The Plinthion.
The V. To Matt Iachathith have six. Therefore Matt Iachathith p.
Intro to matque of fasting. 5 to its regular who had Plinthio ,.
abieétis 7, gives a fair tertiam ipfa Matt Iachathith. Said CA.
I If it matque on Tuesday that this year 13 1 2, then Adan.
Give it six. Therefore, when Matt Iachathith XIX Compofita gives xvii.
Magabith. Accordingly, xvii Magabith is the entrance of fasting, Page, vtloquitur.
Ecclefia Æthiopica as the Roman Sexagefima. But if Pliny.
thion was two, then it would be more on the matque Hence from XXII.
were added. Thus the rcliquis.
To / ceu4) 500 E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. B. V 1000 50 1 5 2. 695.
£.
A Paraßeuae) Parasceuen say Ven. which is Hebrew ay. A.
rabic x * =.
MAT Qy E in the previous (Saturday) /, shall XT 1 1 inserts) and a child.
This can be established about the vice of leetionem. In fact, xv 1 1, 1 ,. the force of all the abieétis
I will leave 3. The Easter, therefore, is made by a matquê, that irj.
• T •. '| 10 V.
placed on the Saturday of the week is added to 111, with the $ phase. V.
     • 1.
3 holiday bird. This is absurd. For eighteen legen then lo xx.
While XVI.

Page 235


       '3' x 10 1
fubiecimus terms below. Siigitur matque n is an add XT. [Ft..
• • '10 8 |.
If ® xiv. The other, as they are conceived in the tile. make;.
    10 5 1 i
risk. 5. matque Plinthion this year for Easter?.
| | 10 5 I.
Matt 1 Magabith, whose regular 6 compofito with Pline l * l '' -.
Thio gives a Wednesday. On Wednesday, brick, that is, 8 ordered.
111 appended to fifteen days. Matt on a day when Matt compofiti give XT.
Miazu. Therefore XT Miazu of the. That's true. Easter.
mm x April this year was Julian, who refpondet XT Miazu. DL
stinguuntur the Passover Phafe. NPA Greeks report φασί, Ethiopian.
foot & iuih. £ NV. It is the fourteenth Nifanius; Jewish, fine.
The border Easter. That, however, is that not because of the Hebrews went up to Jerusalem.
IEP is ~ IIøøα lane. But the Greeks, however, make a distinction, as we have said, ,.
φασì the lid% α. In fact, it is the border of the φωτίί of Easter, on IIøøgo Sunday.
refurreétionis, and φασή call IiO% α νομικὸν, and the other IIøøgo.
"5o 36} // aiuoy Ethiopia and Iin are: TPA. But this rarely confused AR.
the Ethiopians: they are, although in others it is not fully accurate. Once me.
Mini me to read and IH: for & juim: John X 111. It can happen in other places.
the same abufe found in Scripture. However, it is very rare. .
Jews fast) fast-tenth of the Jews tifrum so on.
Ira later. It had also intended eclogarius tenth of Ni.
FAN is calling for the fast of the Jews, 'when in fact it is also the day Badridicatur, it is not.
Now fast Jews. '.
V. alertness / 3adri supra) Therefore, Badri does not have the fast Jews.
called. Therefore, here it is clear this error, and his branch, or a μημονικὸν.
tiuagtnua time. Badriest x Nifanius. Nine of the matque, that is ,.
Nifanius first, appofitum, habesdecimamNifan called BA 500 A 1.
that is, a άλογη, αφο2 ρδς: that on that day féligeretur paschal lamb was to ma.
And finally, the fourteenth eiufdcm menfis. Egypt,. 3. Badar as A.
rabic than Amharic means to choose. Also, if Badr in Arabic.
gnificattempus, quoLunaincipit to be du4ixwgros, between the tenth day.
And the full moon. Does the fact that Badr said fitXaì out du4 \ $ x g.
Cc $ 78 fin or the lamb deleétu, as mentioned supra, because both of them.
He is very likely to know whether Leétori eyes, let me be free.
  solemis?.

"^ .696. E p h o s s c a 1 1 50 1 G E R L
Canon is critical, as it must be conceived, not more.
Bread anthem) τςατη ή αάμων the fourteenth Nifanius. iopTi A.
£) d μων% for the month of. Leuitici xx 111: 6.
N. alertness. Pha /'ll find out) x clear error for XIII. And so, on behalf of.
1 Legend 2 to Æthiopifmo. .
Fast / alum) fast falutis Twenty V11 menfis from Nice ,.
or Dionyfiani, that is, the xxvii a matquê menfis Nahafe: Why dost thou so.
Diet, when and by whom the fund was not able to devise. This.
Phafe year, fine Easter term, the tenth Miazu. Add.
Xi, to command the. You will Rev. Miazu. And so, xxi Nahafè.
The fast will falutis which is vicefimum feptimi matque that fact.
Matt menfis course of the year. Falutis flue faluatio so fast.
end of vicefimum feptimi from Nice. You will find unanimous) unanimous or Judith unquestionably journey from leetionem B.
Judith's book to tell which is the fourth of Elul Nice, fine Dionyfiaci.
In fact, the seven Compofita with the vicefimum feptimum lines Ab, definunt in the and of angels,.
ta Elul. /.
9. alertness, Judith, you will find that) it scholars. For out of the fe.
the subsequent reading, Badr understand. But, what we should make these things.
repeat? For the beak above had already warned me.
11 alertness / SOW • 2 / and. A <overturned find them) No, John is not Xi, for example.
This erroneous above the admonuit.Quare repeated.
Azy From 1000 to the previous (Saturday) /? they are, VIII) is so extraordinary sin ,.
videatur.Si may leap to the unraised on Saturdays are for. "
five rich countries will have an entrance of fasting. This year 1596, that is.
1 3 1 of some $ boundary Easter flue Phafe tenth Miazu, Azy.
MA vndecima Miazu. Menacing and tie v, then sixteen Miazu. Therefore XVI.
lachathith entrance will be fasting. that is true. The subject later.
     1 \] V
EXTRACTS from the same concept. You see it fupinitatem ho O 1 1 1 i
always near the threats are otherwise engaged in a matter of day of the week. Make risk. ((| 10 i
 In t r o t v 1 fasting ßreperifii 1000) This XVII as and X;
it appears blind and fuperfiüus and vitiofus est.Superfluus for [?.
• • • • 3 | 1 x
repetitur.Vitiofus just because the other numbers are in fequentes viiili TY.
conceived. A VI 500.
   • • •. • 1 i
27. alertness. Amonte find olives) The Rev. Canon '' '**.
Furina and clear vol% αεως fuperiorem charges. For the 11 V xx.
read Matt. The Mount of Olives half of fasting. But.
For now entering fasting ipfam Sunday Sexagefimae, IlUlnC.
on the day after Septuagefimæ is calling for, it can be done, then this man is made to be read xxvii ,.
And nothing has changed, and I now consider a second limit.
After Septuagefimam.Igitur ruling: L <*: Dabria Zaitha Mount of Olives.
 by leétioneD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 E. 7. 69 ».

ft.
Aa is the reading of the satisfaction to their requests from that motive in John's Gospel. Half time.


Page 236

 Co.
Phalghe dzaumo, μέθη $ eiz. A Sexagefima to the Mount of Olives ,.
Day XXVIII. From the Mount of Olives to Hofànna xxi. From Hofanna to.
The Easter VII.
Χacba find them) rAcb is αταύτηαί ;, occurfus. So called vicefimum.
the second day of Passover, this is the fourth Sunday of Easter. An ale.
& Some reason, as is customary, it is diet or from some other cause, I do not.
I know. Sufpicor be fynodum dioecefeos, which ordnance is ordered.
after the Passover to be celebrated every year on the third feptimana: keep them to another who is.
celebrated case, for Oétobri. .
Amatque V / that fast. cxL CX 50 1 1 1. 1.) Thus, all as lu.
wind, blow through to be clear to us, so irrepfèrint, whence we come here, we do not know.
So 50 e n e Teßaracostae) Tessaracoste, the distance from Easter to.
Ascenfionem. The practice of Tessaracostae ipfa Ascenfio. Is.
* AZ £. is the same as Ascenfione still considering. , Which is that ciya.
Άηυις and so called Ascenfio Sunday. From this rather fufpicamur ,.
I KNOW H & R. NSA was Ascenfionem. or rather the Lord.
Cam feptimanæ Litaniarum. In fact, it is said, it is customary Ascenfionis yourselves.
* A> Π: A Rzq: ¤ & R: Thursdays C P H A T H, η τάμήn out ala% ^ \ %%.
And Syria to the LA> NpTio grows, that is dya ^ W \ ​​5 \%.
Ingemiculationem} distance from the matter to Sunday and spent the.
100 Easter, Pentecost, the ancient Greeks and Latins call. Cre.
widespread occurrence testimony. Jerome: "It is through the whole process.
a year, with the exception of Pentecost, they are not allowed to to fast. Amharic the clergy.
is accustomed to the country by means of keeping the fast or almost the whole year, with the exception of an interval of a swim.
These men went to Sexagefimam, and also with the exception of Pentecostes.hebdomade: by which the Hebrew.
exaete weekdays and fruitful week, which comes at Trinity ;.
reform it, the fasts of the fua with such strict, so that, by spending the whole day there is nothing fu.
Mant. Toward the beginning of the night and collect their celebration ceremony veterrimo Eccles.
Fiars East as it is in the Epiphany. A TI gathered together and avowedly heart.
pores procuring working. Thus, the banquet, the ropes of the fomno they are engaging in.
"This is not a silent Aluarez, which confulaslicet. Greek & Moschous.
500 flows, and most of all Ecclefia under the Patriarch of Constantinople.
seen the customary four fast performance in general. The first was a fifty.
gefimo to the current matter to you and air, which are hebdomadcs fep.
tem.Hocipfis called E 1 1 VN 1 vm 1000 A G N VM. According to the fast ,.
Oh, and by the greedy Pentecost Peter and Paul. Because vocaturie.
Peter rise or jnstit $ άγίω λττόλων. Hiebonym. To Eustochius.
hold the maiden, from Pentecost supper inprandia change that.
 1 & num trá698 e p h o s s c a 1 1 50 A £ 1.
folded. Omninolegendum, mutanturprandia supper. Hocieiunium.
In remote Easter, when the cyclusPaschalis VIII, version So.
minicalis 100 is only days VIII. At Easter, the pellet ,.
When the cycle of Easter XVI, Sunday 500 version is old.
XLII. The third fast from Kai. Augustus, the assumption of Mary.
Fourth fast the seven feptimanis before Christmas the :.
that the content, and all the rest of the Ecclefias take them in, although EcclefiaRo.
mama rarely more than three feptimanas. 1 is EIvNivM P P L. hilip
Moscouitarum Russia, Iberia, and Georgia, it starts after the festival.
of that of the apostle, that is celebrated in the mense, the East has been rich in the age of nine.
Bri. B. Moreover, in the Trinity, it is customary not to stand in the oetae of Pentecost, by the Greeks,
tuitur, as it comes from the Latin, but in the fertile the Day of Pentecost. Oétauam however.
Whit call τω τούτων ίχων. In the wall behind that.
Pentecost, stantesliturgiæ attended, who is the oldest customer.
Ecclefias: postillud period of knots up. Ethiopian is.
PUA: that is, yovx ioia.Nam • ^ v ^^: yovTsrâ means. This Anthias.
Chenae Ecclefiæ AA%} is a given, yo / 3sciz.Arabibus \ ~~ zrfowwwwσις ,.
as in the eyes of evangelists Arabic. This confuetudinis vetußißimæ.
they are full of old books, knots of men, but only on So.
minica and all quinquagefimo. Quæst & Refponfio.
Is it to the officially approved falfo Justin inscribed on them, when it becomes the latter years,.
z oo, it appears, to read OA II and laymen XV2 / zxà; íuípa / 5, § £ Xai.
IIøøåò; Ίης IIεῖτηκος ύ, χάν & κλύεσιν ol άχόμ $ μοι; The Responsionum later.
the reason given, there is added, from $ Xtyo ix J & δ εύων% αὐτὴ διά.
$$ ae%, a 1u "26" j /, xa3os 4nou δ μακαρθ 'eigwjG 6 μα; ίως άπί.
oxo7r YD% @ A & E & Y tjäïó lid% α λέγω, ἐν ἀ μάμή) E ae $ fi; rin.
xo5j; ewj & κλύομάρχῶν, άτάόγ ίτοσωσμά τά ημάςαΊης xvgiaxj; * £ 1LW "j.
$ € ίσαν be dú $ ajiiay.Tertullianus: T) is dishonored or Sunday.
knots at daybreak. The same exemptions from the 'Passhe to Pemtecostem v.
that upside down. Jerome on Sunday, and for every $ Pentecofiem.
or bowing out of the joint and fast / emit much that ßripta mom.
there are reasonable concentration meet vindicauit. Ambrofius fermofie xi, p.
He must / ànéfitas, brothers, that fanéìam Pentecofies day.
How can I worry about or why istormm fifty the number of days / ά.
Möbus the peaks of O continuatafestiuitas, to such a degree that the whole of this time there was neither.
to be observed, we declare to the fasts, nor to come together to pray Oeum to her knees.


Page 237


Government of lives. Council Aurelianenfè: guoniam / NT.
some fleäentes on Sunday, and the days of Pentecost, for example.
 omniaD from E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 E. 7. 699.
A room confònanter for all indiuafi / salvaged, decided / or O & Council.
O & T Easter vfque in the second Letter of Pentecost was standing by the wishes / olue.
£ 're.Epiphanius speech Catholic, and δ' άλου μέρ £ íeu s miserable 4) v.
; Άαῖετaι έν τη ωτῆ ἀλα κα3o ^ Jxj £ xxXnoig, φημι ό τετεαλ, έ τgo.
] Ααρθατω, άς όegς άνατης, δίχα μόνης ἐ ταντηκοςύς όλης ύ πεντήκον.
Ημέgô% and cùς έτε Yovouaia% worrou vn myčl aegogré% xTou. Ger.
the hands of the bishop of Constantinople, μῦ% κλύay Yow τὸ αίαςα.
oiu4 äuägg d% ας xv2! axis amuaìe rlu *) * κα% IIara, in ajjg9w.
 oiy yoμέγω δα ἐaginuige 3 Ne / 58 ajz $ Arco ;. (35 μάχά ἐ πατήκο $ ίς μ).
xxiev YOV A, Ra, AIA íuíegς μ% ^% d% OV ταχα άaz ερέμας xe91â *, *.
τά διακαρισίμφ. From this it appears that, once the practice of Pentecost Monday.
A fourth, the definition of AI and ywaiuoy worship, yovvxXoido on.
Repco grown to an unusual time of the rest of the year. Today, Ethiopians always standing.
by knots gathered together and hearing they might not of had taken part. Is taken by those wordy to.
Qdafe, that is, λε £ £} le Ia. Therefore, props, fine wooden supports.
Many in the entrance sacrarum destituisolita which in.
Mita, while σύα% $ celebrated, writes Francis Aluarez.
Q: MAT B in the previous (Jabbato) /? shall V 1 1 1 apply. Nimiue m.
And thou shalt come) is the Canon of the Passover, solemn than all mobile things: whose relics lie.
The account is the first in Amharic Sunday before the seventh.
* Gefimo Roman Ecclefias, the Greek τειόλον by three.
songs. Syria & Elkupti this Sunday in Ethiopia, which is Aegy.
"Ptij 100 N 1 N 1 v E call. Laoi • For the Syrians the men is said to be hidden away, Tzaumo.
miniuoio miles yo%. NutuTix), or 12oSa Bovvotho, λύδαέ this exam.
Niniuitici iustitij introduétum times. For three days earlier they used to.
to receive the down with anguish, which Niniuiticas was used instead. Behaved :.
 Report prissa femme now fasting.
Faithful freely on record volume. .
"Look on. So, the clearer that from that spring there, it is transmitted, that is, from the Ninevites ,.
There was, therefore, that the eodemloco Prudentijcolligimus, indiétiuum, fine.
imperatiuum fast look for the word x Ambrofij. Aluarez: JCD.
Lay people often, vtriufque fexu Trinity, Advent, ieiuo.
 Mamta Wednesdays, oh day of the week. A Christmas% at home.
tonic for Purification, 1000 quodsolemne I e o n call, ie mullet.
iunium on / scratching. Triduopofi, Niss is a Sabbath, or the Lord 'appeared on the scene.
tasting, monks and priests meet TRACTATIO incredible hardship. * For.
øssirmarunt PObut remaining three days of food only once thighs. The.
Do ^ Wimiue time to call. Those are his words. .Atqui Niniuc.
Our different. Sunday is the Septuagefimam, fiuein.
Twins fasting Amharic. Canon then, the whole well-disposed, neither.
 him as is customary another action perverted Eclogarius. The phase of Ajax.
? N nn 2 αιμον.
!.
1'7 co. E p h o s s c a 50 1 1 1 1 G E R • ,.
ciuos this year was the twelfth Miazu. A. entrance of fasting fextadecima
Iachathih. MatquexxvIII of Tir on Wednesday. Add in charge here.
iv matque if it Wednesday. Therefore, Nineveh was born from.
thither, is undoubtedly the Sunday before Septuagefimam. In reality.
liquis risk free.
x alertness. Olives find amonte) Mount of Olives is XXV 1 1 1 ,.
or xx 1x Sexagefimae. In fact, I see that the geminate vfurpari. This year.
Mount of Olives, the X 1 1 1 Magabith. Niniue second Iachathith.
Therefore, when the second Iachathith x 1 x 1 Compofita give Iachathith. .
Therefore, x 3 Magabith Mount of Olives, from, as we have already said. Here in.
go to Nineveh a 1 1 1 Iachathith, thereby then goes fast.
Niniuis. . . . . .
1 1 alertness. / 7o / Ammar find), the whole thing is Canon Canonifmus be.
flowers mobile Nineveh. The niniue 1 1 1 Iachathith, of course.
from the day of the moon, as it was already very nigh we have said. 11. In addition, there are five.
Hofanna will be the fifth menfis. In other words, the fifth day of menfis, in the quoHo.
celebrated already noted, it will ipfum Hofanna. That's true. The fifth out of the.
mm Miazu Hofanna of this year. .
1 x alertness. Found a Passover) with the same doctrine fuperiore. For.
two, Nineveh, to give Hofanna. And the seven Hofanna to serve for Easter.
Two of the seven Compofita when it happens IX: • that the Nineveh menacing.
£ ta give the. .
111 alertness. RAcb inuemies) three with three Compofita give strength La Question
chathith. Therefore, by virtue of menfis, has the property of RACB: there is one ipfum RACB. .
Accordingly, this year was rAcb Ginboth force, which is Matt Easter.
However, it was above the 1 xx i tasks truth. For continuing xx 1.
The passover, that confequitur a Sunday, the week, of which it is entitled to.
RAcb. But in regard of this has reached the Canon confequitur ipfum RACB, fyno.
While dioecefeos Wednesday 1. .
xvnI alertness. $ Olennius Teßaracofiae find them) truth. But I must not.
and the negligence was not the fault of a fe she putteth off. In the next Canon rAcb.
it was not the Lord 's should be delivered, but the days are, in which he is compelled to fynodus. This.
Sunday is to be delivered, one third Ginboth. In addition to eighteen out of the canon.
Xx 1 Ginboth have a formal From £ cnfionis.

Page 238


"In no eamdiem conference.
Matt alertness 111) is the same ideology with fuperioris. Namx supra.
Tessaracosten give added Easter. 111 d with ten fifteen, therefore, they do.
XXVIII. Sec. .
In 1000 it V O R R fasting / He, rejecting 111) Canon x 1 x wisely.
and the menacing sun. This is contrary to the detraétionem days. Entrance.
ieiunijin Sunday to sixteen Iachathith in a fair and fruitful, and XVII. About.
_ • • • traótis.
B Fi.
:.
f.
\.
500 E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 E. 7. ; Oi.
A socerebellar 1 1 1 stays John menfis. Therefore, xiv menfis, to which it belongs.
Mount of Olives, Mount of Olives shall he be, that John Magabith.
Mo nt e f 1000 Olives found them to reject 1 1) Mount of Olives, John MA.
Gabith from the last conclusion the doctrine of the. Two deducted, there remains a twelve menfis.
Therefore XI 1 menfis this year phase, aims to Pasch end.
J John Miazu. That's true. .
The first p.gina N 1) the fourth part of the account if άμας έχότων. Ethiopian.
Campus old Ecclefia time of the creation of the first human to air.
τάλειω κόσμ8 determines oo 7 years old. This whether the seven miles.
the Romans, the divide the centuries by means of the seven: they call them My sabbaths ye, fine.
Henoch weeks. Enoch in the late weeks of the jubilee again.
1 * came, what are the weeks of weeks off. And so, in Hebrews.
and control the annals of small diuifio. The whole process has reached the Canon, explains Ta.
continued wars, having fubiecimus: in the first of which was.
The column wire periods Dionyf | "YOU period | Years. Flow | IubSepti.
melody. its second year periods colleai £ G [ia.m.is.
gathered together. the number of the third of seven weeks. [- | j 33 | 73 | '° °..
2. O 1 64 1 5 2 | 2 1 5.
Seven of the jubilee with a fourth appen 3 | 5 9 6 || 21 8 || 31 4.
guidance. Canon need to personally [_A [3 istest | 43 | 3.
    _ 5 | 3 6 6 o | 3 O 8 | 54 2.
It is not. Thirteen stages Dionyfianæ made 3IBTJETAB 3 | 6It.
6. 691 years more distant moons In TTB73 £ | T535 | 76 | 3I.
Daicus, cycle, the Sun and Moon are in reality world | - £ 86 * 6.
100 deunt. For 2 to 47 years, which is equal to the cycle -a £? £:? .
Matt strikes moons returns to ITB 53.] § 3 E | H9T3T.
in the world, as demonstrated ongoing book 1 1 [63 § 4 | _9_13] '39 *.
1 3 | 69 1 61 9 88] 1 4 1 1.
the cycle Sunday but is not yet established. Yes.
How many years that they are in the cycle Sunday (equal to 28) z 47 each county.
6. Why this verdict with a period of 691 years in the period lu.
78 69 apiece, completing the period of the Jewish returns in the world, CXI years.
Before being restored to its period of Julian, which is an old 798o.
For a period of years, Giuliano 7869 abiice dissèrentiam to its PE.
Rio and account Jew, namely the age of 95 years, remain 3. 6916 ,.
ncmpc Jewish holiday period is complete. However, it defunt or Iudaicæ period.
84 to 500 if the seven solar thousands of years, so it is contained in this.
Canon. And so, it can not be denied, and the Ethiopians this period of Iu.
Daicus brand to which the Jews today are completely ignorant. trap.
was this, He most eminent of the place, and have no fpes of an interpreter, unless beyond the start to discuss this issue.
Jewish holiday period, we have been informed. .
Vniußuiu / $ Abba who smoke) Superior diuifio concern.
6. This is the perfect fummam period of 691 Jews account.
Both old and sunlight that is the seven thousand years: a.
. Nnn whose 3 'O o s e p h 2 1 1 50 1 S C A G E R 1.
feptimi part of which is called S A B A B O N T vm e c H because of Enoch A.
7 DO born in the world, according to kneel with more created.
of things, so far, they are thought to the years of the birth of Enoch, 6 z z. Disserentes.
28. Maybe Saturday, Enoch was the fact that Enoch, the seventh.
mouse from Adam, who live in the sky fublatus it. And so, the old Scho.
Henoch la Jews say that fymbolum Sabbaticælestis, that is ,.
lasting peace. In fact, Adam, Sheth, Enosh, Cainan, Malalleel, and Jared.
they are dead. Enoch, the seventh death was not quite differently.
* the week) Dccst number 11. But all lo table.
speak. .
MA qv e) Following Aphorifmi account Aethiopicus. Day.
Amharic, as also Jewish, starts at the beginning of the night and that through them, Ira B.
And parts of the West thickening of the sun, far from the Savannas.
horizon distance. This is the time to call Uc * ^^ * n '' Pv.
Hebrew ay. Syriacc lascj. Morning call Uc £ w * ::.
NY Eve or xmv n> s. The mcre above the Arabian ^^ & properly.
He is Jewish £ 3. These two essential moments% w %% με29r ,.
The Daniel is npaay. Noon call 2H, t £ 1 IPP • pl.
A civil know or another partition of the day. No one on them.
vfus parts of the clocks. Canon matque said that from the start.
the previous night. for example, in the first year of the cycle matque XIX Mate.
mm. It starts from the beginning and no will to its matque. In other words, a no & E, C.
that day immediately preceding the XIX mascara. Even the Jews.
feruant. Matque the day nouilunij branded cycle of the year.
propofitus running. for example, in this year of grace 1 3 1 Z nineteenth mascara.
The matque too from the previous night. Matquê then, nothing was what it was.
it is, rather than an end in the mense, in all the solar Dionyfiana.
The rising 3adri) Badri pooling concentration of Jews. From the other side is no rising.
year then begins. That is, the rising night-tenth Nifanius Bio.
nyfiani.


Page 239

 J & Arabic means AJ% $% oy, three times.
The Lord, porreétionem. But in both languages ​​and Wathri means.
Vigil, fine gods $ puoy.u) day course, which is usually a front D.
yields, or rather night, the approaching holiday looms, and so to speak.
be graces τί άορτη ἐπιφακά. At this fenfum obtained from Mu.
Hammed on Surath Weelphagri. It is there that a column of smoke, agri £ rgocogiis §.
IIa% α Ayag'uê: on behalf of the vigil of Easter of the Saracens, flue Muham.
Medan. So τςοεόςτιον% 44gj the night that fcquitur x 3 a day.
Nifanius Dionyfiani. So fast from the beginning of salvation vicefimum feptimi no.
& Tc Dionyfianae Moon, the Moon lies menfi Nahafe. This is.
priscusy.
\.
e.
% ;.
ID E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 E. 7. O ;.
Aprisco will Ecclefiæ as persistent advance festivals and holidays.
Others. .
The border • 2 / and) this calendar is open. Matque it.
up above the XT mascara, not down below 1 x 2 Tikmith.
IE 1 1 V N V 1000 Jews) Jewish fast of the tenth tifrum, au.
sterissimo fast, not only Jews, but also from Ethiopia shackle.
xa. The Jews from Ethiopia or in many ISD ai3oi either.
For aχγέλισμόν & Zaχλge, Jews fast Hifpan.
ginkipul call lo de los verdict. For Cinkipul, corruptumex niajoix ,.
Tzom Kippur. Canon will hang from this premise. For ff.
citimus matque to fifteen mascara: the pole on the fast Judas.
Bcum that xx 4 mascara. If matque removed again.
Matt Tikmith, then it will be removed as fast Jews xx11.
Tikmith. .
Int r o 1 Tvs fasting) For this we need an interpreter. Pole.
Phafe the twenty Magabith: Matt eiufdem pole phase. A sedan.
V play back 50 days, how fast they agreed Aethiopicus. Peru.
ies to the moon Iachathith. Neo citimus the entrance of fasting.
Iachathith memo. Remote Easter thirty Miazu. Lev back ,.
In the remodeling definunt v Magabith. Now the rest of all the hang of this.
demonstration. .
Com p v t v 1000 Repentance) hope for Æthiopifmo said.
• G E N A. ¥ Also ùfìnf: CCL ;: jnaxo xjjv% μζνοίας this time Le.
The purposes and are drawn from the Gospel, which deal with the message.
John the Baptist. Heralding the entrance of fasting, penance.
The arrival of: that fasting is not a minor to self-control, and the Quadragefi.
ipfas graded observe. For áng944y8ai /; and that in it.
El 1 A s) Elia and fast monobiblon left Ambrof. E
Ethiopians celebrate the rights of fasting, Matt, tell menfis c H A.
p A Reason If the XXVI c F AR, which celcbratur there, the weekday.
Hi, flue 3 to add xin: Thachschasch arrive in the afternoon, she will.
The first day of Gena, flue arrival of Dominic. Therefore have concern for all other cases. It is not.
needs no prompting. .
500 A1A / ^ pulled) Menfo nomenclature, which in an earlier edition die.
rat, now shining a torch in the darkness of this computialluxit.Nam.
rofe diuinandi it formerly was, & c, & mascaras, and the Tikmith on behalf of the Father.
íchalibus menfibus undertaken. For what is more he was able to make it otherwise.
mo wandering in the streets, no one of the finger, where he fixed his attention ?.
But if another Marrucinos as many hocfæculum and took a.
I try every day, menfes them before we get off that a.
tie had had an argument with a new publishing and for us.
\ Nnn 4, infultan7 O4 S e p h o 1 1 50 1 S C A G E R L
.
infùltandum, that the Oedipus into might not be. For a manner differently from A.
gether these ends? But, even those of our menfes have achieved it diuinassent ,.
We have proofs that many conic tower. She is now one flat.
are the same for deprehenfa. Before that, however, is hardly comprehensible to those to be pierced through.
it seemed. Know, honestly recited menfem third a face.
a portion of Ethiopia, who sent them to me, it was written as a fertile soil.
AIN version is entirely 3W and fourth class, but 35 C is read history.
has been moistened by the Italians at length carried by a letter to this businessman, who instructed me to those men.
the festival of the city of Cairo to Marseilles, he sent forth. So in book pro- V.2.:.
to be read 452: Hadad, you may be clearly the letter of a man has made in Italian. This.
And she had a new book to us if another Midas oboluisset.
Various incarnation) Ethiopia wear Compute years, p.
who is close to estChristianis them from the east, whom they call the account.
the case of Adam. Is from the beginning of the Christmas determines whether.
We 5oi 5 or 5 5oo, for example, branded equal to Ethiopia at the end of the New You.
{However. This account is used by some Greeks, in which.
Landulphus Sagax that chronicle the care from the Greek word for exprefs.
becomes. Also, yourfcif Landulphus, and the Greek and Ethiopia irí the surprisingly hal.
lucinantur. Because this computer is smaller than the count of Easter.
Constantinopolitano seven years, for many years by Christ Dionyf.
us seven years to less certain. For the year 500 C IX, praise.
Greece, 6117, Ileraclius control pact. Landulfus whether he says.
no 500 cii, of course, less than the seven, rather than a true Account monkDemophilus, C.
in winter. This year is supposed to Christ in 1577, the year Dionyfiano.
1 584, that is, from the new moon Thoth flue mascara, which starts next year.
1584 Dionyfiano Christ, Matthew days. By far, however, be seen in the.


Page 240

 But you kindly repeat, it is not alone.
omifi that, but also that they understand, forgive. Think about yourself, what is the case.
the strange rite, inexplicable numbers, language unknown to the public.
casse. If ever there fimilem region fusceperis not be that.
my mistakes yourself. I give you yourfcif. This latter.
Euchologij Æthiopici little hand at the end of the instrument. No indication.
this day is no more of a treasure of antiquity, of the Christian rit is more excellent.
settlement, and many here we learn that a high oblivion disregarded debris D.
Cranes. <? .
Now is like a shallow argument Coptifiue Egyptian Comp.
as well as fubiiciam: a part from the Arabian Hauf, I am a part of Himself, ca.
Stigar. In fact, with slackness Yet some things there, treats, although from the face of.
cerdote Aethiopis described. .
You then compare them to the table below fubic and such.
• OM 100 500 E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 1000 V 50 1 E. 7. 7o5.
/.
5 5 S T O P 100 1000 100 1 H R S A N A T 1 5 M.
KVPTI, or köpte ab urbe Copto been verified: but a wrong course.
K 50 P t i o e.
33 * 3 Ga term Easter. M E N S E S S E N N o 50 1 A. •.
* If * E |, and - JJ | | | I * '|' ' "- |)' 'Ammari, | V.
3 | 5 | 3 Ζ ;. 3] HATHVRT oJyJ] birthday V 1 i.
4, 7] 4E 4 | cHiAcH_ jjjj | 3aptifmus i.TTT.
5 | i | 5 | 15? Armahath | 5 TVBA___ rA ^^ S v epiphany.
6, 2.] 6 [4 Parmuda | 6 R. E. J AMscH 1} - - ER. _.
7 | 3 | 7 | 2. Parmuda 3 | 7 | FIT Mahathi | `j J% e] The entrance © ominī | nil.
8 8] 1 2.? Armuda> | 8 | Farm canvas Φetrus, gTTlTT.
9: 9 IParmula PAscHVNEST 9 o '; υ ~}. Έί - uu.
Oh 1, 7]: oh oh Parmuda 2 O] P E 5 ni_ </ s>] (i revelation.. LV 1 i.
1 2 1 1 1 1 9 Parmuda! ri e PI p. The transfiguration,.
1.] 3'i. || 28 Parmahathi, | vvsxTT Jusj Tramlatio i. . | 2.
: | 4 | 3 | 17 parmulis | | £ assumptions sister, Mary] **.
1 4 | 5 1 4 6 behind, c ~! .AJ] cross xiv.Sept. | Nil.
1 5 || 6 | 1 5 | 2. 5? Armahath.
1 "1 | 1 6 | IATParmuda | Abiicc 28 from dropping in all the holy martyrs. Reli.
7] | 7 3 Parmuda when the cycle Sunday and origin.
1 8 | 3 | 1: 8, 2: Pqrmuda] Take Characters, fine Plinthion out.
1 9 | 4 | 1 J | oh i Parmuda 'region of the cycle of the sun. Add Characters men.
2. O | 6 | FIS. He takes on a weekday menfis.
2. 1 | Throw 7 years of unity with others. Throw again.
1. z.] 1 | All 19. The remainder of the cycle of Easter.
2. 3] = 2. y '] is balneatio. For so they call the day of the Epiphany: that.
7. 4 | 4.
2. 5] 5 Ecclefia old Egyptian baptifmum day repeated as lu.
, £ | , | premises in the account Æthiopico noted, today is mosob.
| "| , | solcuit in Ecclefia Egyptian Refeda in Amharic. - ".
T 8l. Egyptian Christians, who are called today KVPTI ,.
elsewhere we have been fate. Sometimes thought the call.
Namdecurtatum from the last part of the expression AITYTITO>. GVPTI.
, then, on behalf of the Egyptians by the day. And the Ethiopians, however, they call the GIPTV, either.
His body V. Muhammedani Aegyptij call themselves Christians ipfos population.
that home, the care of Elchibth: that there is nothing else at hand, rather than ELCVPTI. lax & J ,.
For what it is today over Egypt AB Arabs.
</.
2. "Metzer, as in times past. The words of John the excellent work about the basis of his Leo.
"Africa".
'.
O o s e p h 1 6 2 1 50 1 S C A G E R 1.
Africa, the Arabs call this entire region's 1000 E R E, resident A.
it had spent 50 e c t hi b H. chibth primumfuiße say that ibipri.
mouse ruled 6, 6 'dificia comfiruxit, which are not native to the IPSS.
another / from the name of the call. Let no one, however, Aegyptij fuperfunt there, in addition to them.
Christians who live there munc / ant. I have reserved for all to come to Muhamcdifmum of the.
CO £ 46YZ4 / f. 1.
This one. However, the H1 B T c is already diets. They use to him of Christ.
 facris freed oldest Egyptian language, in which three liturgiascon.
 We have written before, Gregory, Cyril & Ignatij, while in.
Arabic interpretation. There is nothing it has in common with the rest of East.
such cases, he fermo, contrary to the Characters, people of the greatest part of the Græ.
ci equal. .
COMCE 1000 o p t 5 5 St.
A A A B 1 100 5 St.
E 100 50 E 100 S 1: AE.
antiochenum .; o8 1 o s e p h s c a 1 1 50 G E R L
Y c 1 T hanclineam. She autemestad cognosccndum charaéteremA.
the year, which is lower than a title, whose number is twenty-& Octo, who.
starts from the year of our Millefimo quingentefimo fexagefi.
mo fexto. Make no entry in the CAM. Take it to the letter, rather than under it shall find rest.
Mies. And He is charaeter of that year. Aggregate it with charaeter.
menfis, or because of custom, which seek to: & thou shalt know ingressumillius menfis ,.
Custom in those days and weeks, fiquidem to a lesser degree.
(Feptimanis) But if larger to throw them away, and refiduo attend.
Quod si the letter, the number under which you have found, it has been a twin, let the first.
vfque adxxvi Aggaray belongs to the latter competitor Matt vfque Aggaray ,.
is to become acquainted with the Jewish Passover, at the end of anni.Secundalinea.
And the contents of his xix. Thereof, is to be above the title from the beginning it was annoB.
Going into the 1578 incarnation will it take to find them under ea.Nu.
pure red estquota (Monday) in a phase menfe domination. And the letter.
Lines which is under it again above the Characters of the year. Aggr.
His time will be gated from the days of the week. Number the days have elapsed from him, into the.
B) ominicus committed after it.

Page 241


(Jew) is produced in a number of Refurreétionis menfe.Quotiescunque.
But, if one did absolute lines will get back into operation ,.
And starts again. An example of this. We want to know whether Characters.
if 1581 incarnation. They consider the line, which is fubter advisedly.
1um, the title number is twenty-eight, entering the year 1566, in C.
begin disagree (year) and progredientesinnumero lincæ twenty eight :.
And fell in a number of our sixteen, that is, fexdecim. lnfra to the letter.
WA v. We know the strength of character. Add to supra.
Kanun character of the latter, that is, 2. The sum is oéto.Abii.
who uttered the seven out of him. refiduum to us & it becomes unity. And recognizes that.
Kanun steps this year to day. Modoadiicimus same.
Characters above the solemnity of the Epiphany, that is, v11. Aggregate.
takes place XIII. Do we cast him out of the five feptem.Refiduum there is for us. Cog.
know, the Feast of the Epiphany this year will be a fair quinta.Rur.
We want to know the bus Jewish day this year and a day refut.
reétionis us. Entered into a number of golden beginning.
From the year of our 1 578 pergimtis it (Line) vfque to end.
Charaóter the year 1581. VII. Also during his reign xxii: that is to say, vigefimo a fertile soil.
Adar.Et know Pasch (Jewish) this year to vicefimum.
Adar.Sub the second (day) with the letter v. Add it above the cha.
raéterem of the year, that is, by force. Regardless XI. We reject the seventh. Refide.
made four. We know that there is a Wednesday, the XXII.
Month. On Thursday XXIII. On fexta XXIV. On feptimi XXV.
Sunday XXVI. Therefore we know Sunday Refurreétionis II.
Sap is vicefimum sixth month of the year ,.
• 7 O9.
$ Se </ "> * aJfJ.f <jf SA & & & sic} 3 * 3 * J} \> i | g pºst.
* It = & * &.% • • • v '= c *% $ jf ~ G <CSO ","% s% g) e. \. S.
• jf "%. S3 ^} $ ®ç sign" s.s * \ "\> \ gæ03o ;.
• F9 GXTS J} * *! 'S <l * g' f »« »F, A, A = & lg • *" **.
** ® ®) Ie * "" * "" \ = ■ F & * \. If the AU 45 and J & J, Jr.
«» '• »' 'CA & bone,» n «3; JjU.f, G * // * = 5" "" gas. \ S.
3. "r <=? / S} jb \ ~ O <; <= * • Jfrê J55G, f"> \ o..
HS ^^ '* = 9 * &% Jfat from «© *" \ uss J ¥ \ = "& • 5];> /", J Half.
l'ot; eoaou "Oh ** i} ° 5 ^ &» «* • 8» • &> & af) c s & c 35939.
©, £} * g * g * e ate «* <», «i» »5.EST ;.
f «» ••• »» E \ s * &% <9 ".Jf & S 'Sleo <= s $ olfey Sf.
GA & jf èòccglc \ 6% 8 * * * • »« <O] fosSf CSS «pUSf *» * £ y 'if.
c ** ='s Serg oisrcfl ^ * ** * * & J4 • l jf & oe.j <9.
& Wyl. a-S.cj * © US>}} [3] GXJ »Ju •%« S8 * o **! & f = f *.
¢ ******* ^ ® * = * ° '0j3JJjgjg ", § 3.
»\»: If J% from oosle * q \, S \ 6 ~ NY) 9 J> u | u | • Q < "$" •% A9.
**) yocy <=): = ". | 3 * 3 * '" ** • $ = 9 & Ocoa »;: E ,.
J3s c / 5 · ls9ôIo \ <* • "39 * Jflg.Vlax.]" © 0a \ = ').
6 ° ® ** + Gel ..., "Xio <yosipyy». JfeYÌ3, LA.
«) Us») ve], υ • • * 9 * ^ jf = "/ * &% .fi Gs% 15aùoè <= you! * $ V®.
J; 'Or' '' Us and EG & Sy <jfg $ 4 $$. Jraa $ R9> Plast.
* "• '' ^ * 5 ** &» • • = / »« »£, & Gyr St.
@ '°' J '• • ggyieo ** = GS & s <8 </ g> R <,.
* ** = ®scy ", ©, 5> g ° ® *" G's ". ** s & \ [sa25.
** / © ru ~ * ~ * / a * YJ \ = »J & sjs.In» ¥ e.
° ******% * 2 * 9 = b) isl, s), 380 Sfjjs.
° <<**) from $ t $ * & "/ fVJEos & J <.%, 3S} /. •.
Oo l3'g £ y "C97 1 1 o o s s c a e p h 1 50 1 G E R L
1000 Il V F F S T O R T E M E 1 N 1 O 1 5 5 R 1000,].
R R R R e v VR find his T e c o, o τ Ε R.
Raelian fan Marcus laetiosnsnl raissen "l June nu".
: £ * £ f is the BP. menfis it. | menfis it.
22 TJdhar. Qusbat O 3, Ni / AM | 1 Oh IIara 12 dogs pofierioris.
2; Jdhar; Jsbati iTiarTTTiarTÌ5 canun pofierioris.
[24 Adhar PTA 1 bat | • IIara 3, IIara II 4 dogs pofitr.T.
[55 Adhar 1; QusbaflT5 Ia7T |; IIara 55 dogs pojier.T.
l, 6 AdharT6 fat TAIiarT © £ | 1 4 IIara [i6 canumpofieriori ,.
; Adhar 2; prove | ; iiarT5 outbursts |; canumpofir.T.
158 Adhar IT8 4sbat TGIETTIGIiiar '.
lI3 canumpofierioris.
39 Adhar [94sbat [77ia7T | s; IIara | pojier.T in 5 dogs.
Adhar ioTAsbat IIara 50 8 8 1 IIara 2ocamumposteriorù.
, ■ Adhar | i 4 bat | T5 IIara | T5IarT [A canumpofieriori.
i Nifanius 1 * 2 / sbatTSTarT [2o IIara [2, dogs poster. ".
, Vi / or 31 bat'TTIaT 2 | 3 tiia '; [5 canumpojier.T.
; NifanTIA EZsbatifTiaT [. . Iiar_ | 4 canumpofir.T.
4. Ni / AM | 1 5 caesbat] 1 3 2 5 canumpojier.T liar_ 233 bar.
5% WI / or | 1 6 4 c.4sbati bar [24 IIara 26 dogs pofieT.
6% Cu / am | 1 1 5 7 caesbat IIara | 2 5 IIara | 27 camumposter.T.
7. Ni / or | 1 8 & 4sbat, 1 6 IIara [2 6 IIara [28 Camumpoßer.
3-Nifanius | 1 9 Jusbati; IIara [27 IIara 39 canunpofierioris.
9 Nifanius Σo Jasbat'I8TiiarT'28 IIara 5 Oh my bit pojier.D E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 E. 7..
5 II.
}.
B 1 s * \ "G \ = = 5.
Jcrull * * • J} \}} s £ £ y su <sjj ».
Ryo's e%.
ij6%.
39 * 2}.
8 / & 9.
<Jry.
And $ 9.
& \ * J> c.
\ 9%.
3 g # \ <y ") • • le \ f P JisiJ).
**% = y. ) S! J Jo \ J) Jlo) / y.
J2U.i) a J3] /) c.
J2U.f • je] A '.
l> 5.] Jis m] countenances.
csGXg \ <N l> 5 · 5 J f] / '5.
• 3% are * \ l = JA> W from.
Jo]}.
* • e \ = y.
flourish. 'f 9 JSfA.
J.
l> u 'f J. Jlof) •.
J \ i jj.
 JE] / ').
»» »I * \ = //.
g \ G)} \ = /) / As] J E \ F). G \ *).
J \ E! 2 55.] J> g \ ~ ''.
J \ E! ])> C \ ^ *) ".
100 * \> cy% \ e) • 50 \ s]) • 55.] J '.
) To d) c l> \ ~] 19 c \ s •.
) J <.
LU.fjV the \ s u |.
J \ J Ju J> \ »f Ja.
\ ".
J \ 'Jy le \' f 19.
csAegy \ = / P] t) ". c »» 9.
2I © c o s e p h s c a 1 1 50 G E R 1.
• 7 1 2.
S E R T A B 1 500 5 5 5 50 1000 AR. A.


Page 242

 1 & lsbat] 1 9 Iiar | 2 9 Iiar l3i Camum posteris.
1 1% Ni / am || 2 2 caesbat! 2 or Iiar 3 or Iiar i asbat'T.
1 Ni / an |. ; Jsbat [EiiarTyTiiarT | T, iibat TTT.
1; NifanT |. 4 Jusbat | EIiarT | THaziran | T5 CasbaiT.
14% \ jam [, 5 Qusbat [33Iiar_ |, HaziramIA CEbatTTT.
; xi / an || 6 Jibat [, 4 iiar ']; Haziranl; JibatT.
6 Nifan [27 Jasbat [35IaFTA Haziram | T6J; one TTT.
17 Nifan I, 8 Jibat [, 6 iiarT [5 Hazran | T7 Jasbat TTl B.
1 8 Nifan Tudhar [37 iiarT6 Haziram [37 batT.
15 Nifan], Jdhar [28 IiarTl7 Ha? RamI5 AsbafTT.
, s Ni / an I; Jdhar [, 5IarT | 8 Grow | or AibatTT.
, ■ Nifan | A Jdhar | or iiarT [5Haziranli: Asbat TTTT.
2; * Nifam "5 Adhar 3 I IiarTlIO) Haziramli, AsbatTTT.
,, Nifan T6 JdhariT Hazirani IHa ram [75AsbafTTT.
34 ^ ifam 7adhar 3 HaziraniT, Hazram | 4 AsbatTTTT.
33 Nifan "8 Eadhar'3 Ha * rali; Harani s AibatI C.
JV **.
* D E E M E N D A r. T e M p o R v M L 1 b. VII. 713.
gboy \ <) λ.]) * 9 A '19 l> Usf and | <9 \. ].
l> V «» f, J \ a! / »• j \ 'y. le \ «» jy |.
or \ ~ * J].
EE.
λ ', J \ e]) I l> U ~' y or \ \ • V.
l> \ »»} J ^ »JJjj! J \ 'and k \ ~]) g \ * *) •.
«9'yj» J \ 'J) PV f »• c \ ~>% c.
US � .
oj, a 's ».
g \ 5 J�.
J »\ wf u |.
J! / J J L \ '' / »Pu J» V.
& \ * Ju.
lol. »} v.
g'j'j ~ °.
A »! A tM B \ »f y ^.
c) \ ~ * JV.
l> \ »j Λ
g! pjw | jssf,.
b \ »f 9 oj) j> y J \ JA ^ Jöh y.
LUJT..
JPj a λ '/ 9 Jó »».
l> \ »fjj.
o Jj> 9 J \ / / LÎè] Jc.
le \ '] P. © Jj J..
λ '/] Jisf •.
EUTE & »j> 'k. Jöf u.
E \ ~] J) c gy »] | ©}> Find out
   l> \ »j Jø JSTN714.
 I o s E p H 1 S c A L i G E R i:.
: ^.
.
•!
$.
Numerus This line, which minimal indigestive help, is cognizant.
charaaerlôíT | Scendum initum diei Solennitatis Refurreétionis Domini.
• I A C. b • •.
annotum | £, ā.] ours. Methodus ingrcdicndi ad cam est, primum, vt scias.
This is a number of years, what are you, from cyclo aureo in.
_ '_ | _'. | abc ab (anno) 1578 incarnationis. Cognoscas ctiam.
1 1 1 1 1 [chara & terem anni. Quod fi is annus fuerit bifextilis, acci.
1 1 1 liTI.IIII] chara & terem, who is post Asbat. Percuse numbers ,.
ΠΗΓ | TjT | donec occurrant in quandam cellam. Et quidem is erit.
-; | ;; charaéter illius anni, & menfis notatus eius region.
- | _ '' [Exemplum huius reiin anno 1582. Numerauimus in aureo.
v I •.
'' _ | And '! (cyclo) ab anno 1578. Etinciditin v. Take a look at it, too.
V1 | i11_ | & occurrimus xv Nifan. Ea est Refurre & tio eius. .
Y !!! 1 !!! [Filum 1) igrammatis chara £ terum menfium, & Festo syst: [É ;. '; rä.
IX Il II rum ex opinion Surianorum. 3 * "* E ** | £.
X v _ | I XXV | I.
xt | vi v 1 1 | T 1 S R I TISPIPO, C A N V N CANVN PO | ,, IXIT] VT.
__ - l ~ TT PRIOR. STERIOR. P R I OR R. STERLOR. | _ _ | TT ** _.
X II I I. 1 III. V I I I I I I I] II.
xiii [TIT || --------- [III, ET | J --- i --- l ASB A T A DHAR N I S A N IIA R. _ 1 _ * _ • 1_.
XIIII I I I. v X. 1 I I.
 1 _ - v v I II I 1- | - [_.
xvI ITVIT -. I T | VT | XVTTiß.
--- | . 'I | HAZIRAN | TAMVZ | AAB, ivl | "'' *" '' '' jiiu.
X V 1 I VII V I I 1 1 V I I [v 1 I.
* TTTT l --- V I 1 II II VII. __.
XVII 1 I IX [XXV I III I I.
FTE S T V M • _ _ i ••• _ 1- ■] .__.
XIX | II. II.
*** | '' '' '[A NN v N. | F E s T v M] FE s Tv MliNGREssvs | _ * _ [_ * V | i.
xx || 1111 [TIATIONIS | NATALIS [EPIPHANIÆ [DOMINI INI xi | 1 1 1 1 Γῆ.
I .-- 1 II VII TEMPLVM [- | --- | _.
XXI v ------- v XII [XX I VI v I I.
--T || PETRVSTET TRANSFI. IAS $ 7NIETTÖFÉ§T7ΤΛ ||| -.
I I.
** '' l '' | pavlvs || GyRATio [DoMiNÄTêÊ $ ci $ | * '' '| *' '| V.
XX III | VII. I V I II IIII V I xIII 1 | i | TTT.
X X1I1 I I I XV | XX I l II II;.
XX V I III XVI] TxT] T.
XX VI | . IIII XVI I [XX] XI. and
xxv ​​1 1 | v. vi XVIII] XXVI I [I I I.
XX VIII I. VII IxTlTVTT | VT.
 T ....
§.

i.
:.
I.
;.
+ 3% .Je e $ tc aG% ^ i & § = UaJ c 9; * and «» .s *.

*; VEEEEETIIJEJJSSTISs.
55eo ** $$ * o * g * JJ oo) ias, .juya. \ S |.
j ^ * ^^ & 384) G * £ j ç »§» «« «« «/ ■ jJf« .Jf.
= 5 g * 9laujO * »© • cs» cs'] aJxJf \ @ @ = U * »« «« <>.
Ω.
&.
f * ^ / c & JG KÌ3 JV <9 \ »» and with * «, & *«. Ji Gyîs.
j} |.
J. Q.3.
• F & uo $ c $% and \ = "! �VΛ · G «« *** »Jics% ^ όες.
/.

\ © * 99 & SV. » ; 5 \. * '*;.
 • ^ in: 3 UM.
& $ j £ Jc \ $ e $ 92.J; * j * j íjç, 33 ,.
e% '«s) | g83 §3)?.
â§.
Q ».

,.
G '% ^ lgy * \ = lcyis.
?
... f ,.
r. , • I • I. quo & y9y *.
ç ^ '' | 'J; S | juJfi JjSj.
C * c \ f.
• & 8T%.
\.
Ail e \ J3 '] Lu.
J% '] Cr!) I j * | «»%.
j | or '| 3
§ -?: * 3; C <i.
Q} IJ | 3> or J \ ^ = Ò ^ c! ò \^.
] \ => 41] to '>') | oyj] 8) ...].
Q ».
9 J? '; ; J.
 � € lC \ £ SJ 14: JJ | Q * j ° TVTVZ.
<! p. ? c. »| the | 4 *.
   35 <> I j *.
& L * | &.
> | 3 | las
Ooo 4 .716.
I o s E p H 1 S c A L i G E R 1.
P AS C H A L E G A L E 1 N M E N S E.
LTNEATEOGNOSCENDTQVOTA FERTAT.
F O M A N O,.
& diem Refurreétionis, & menfem eius Ro.
manum, ab In Incarnationis.
M D L XXV I I I.
cyclus aureus incipit ab anno 1888 Alexandre: & quotiefeunque.
dgfinit is compleuit circuitum, redit ad.
principium fumum.
TSöIeIinc Solcnne Solenne Solenne Solenne Solenne Solenne.
ÉÉÉIS, íííís, íííííís, ÉÉÉIS | iuus | Εὐs | ííís |! '°' ° '' ° ^ "°.
lcüílöäääíicíìíîåílcíílcíäHcììáíscíÉåï]% * [* °].
I. II. III. II I [. V. • V I. V I I. Cum. lrüS.


Page 243


I43NifanESENifamj9 yi / or] l8 Wi / or] 17 Ni / or] IGINj / ami; Nifanius] | 16.
I I7 / or] 6T £ NJ / pm [5INi / or] AI3Ni / am; Nifanius [9TNifani8TNi / or] 3 | 3.
34 Adhar [, 5 AdhaEE9 Adhar [. 8 Adhar 37 adhart. 6 AdhaFE5 Adhar | 21 | 4.
I4 Nifanli; I / or] i NifanjTxi / or. I7INfam I6INi / or] igino / or] TXTIVI.
3TJdhar 6 Nifanius *) I / am [4] Nifam, 5TNifanBTNi / or] Infant | 30 | 5.
íiaíesiaj njan £ Nifanius, NjaENj ENj £ £ |; IIIVIR.
E% a | 5 Nigg * j * j £ E \ j \ j £ $ Njvri] 7.
5. Adhar | o AdharE9 Adhar33 Adhar 3INifanBTNifani ini / or] [treated] 9.
»Nifanius | Oh Ifan ^ | 9 NifanE3 Ni / or] T7 Nifanius | 1 6 NifanEE Ni / or] [xvTX.
7 Nifam [6] Nifanius [5INifan | I3Mi / or] igino / or] 5 Nifanius [8TNi / or] [tit] 11.
Adhar Adhar O 3 3 1 29 28 Adhar Adhar Adhar 27 [26 Adhar Adhar 25 22 | 12.
14. If I am 15 Nifam i5 Mass I83) 17 Nifam I6TNj I 2m / AM 15TNi / or xii | 12 |.
7 Ni / or] 6TNj / ami; INißmßT ifanBINifanETNifan ^ [8TNi / or] TTIXIIII |.
24 Adhar [23 Adhar [2 2 Adhar [28 Nifam 77Adhar [76Adhar |; ; Adhar | xxT [15].
I4 J / anti; * I / anti; T3NifanliiT? M / AN] is Ni / or] IGINj / ami; Nj / AM] TxT \ xvd].
; TAdhar | o Adhar'5 INifanAT * ifanBTNifanBTNi / or] ini / or] [xxixixvTi |.
At ^ i / an] o m / ifani8 or 39 ^ ^ IFAM aÆNifanf; Nifanius [; Nifanius | xvTixYii].
7T ^ i / ami; II / or T * \ * Vjfan ifam'i 1 | I3 Nj / AM] 5TNjàn'8TNj / AM] 5 [xTx |.
 .
".
% $ J. &. \ X] j [% ς <5} fj3JJQs J} \ Ja * & ΣΕ, "" J '.
 Ac \ WS * J> 5 ^ "λω CS </ E $ 34.
110 "=.
And. \. J].
 110 "c.
A - \ & JF.
100 \ c.
And • \. & JF,.
CMc.
<\ * J.
100 \ SE.
A - \. J}.
2). *).
9.
2JxJf.
δ.
a-JxJf.
d \.
<}> Jf.
al.
z} •).
Q>.
a $ * jf.
 J. ; 100, $.
Jofa JSJ% 5 _ / O //? J3] A. J3f).].
δ \ <>.
G \ ~ * Ju G \ ~) v.
G 9 \ "* J.
c / \.'s 19. \ ">]) C.
CS \ ~ 33 g »^ *) • G \ ~ / c.
3V. G / \. U. G \ • V.
B) 3) a J3 2 // 3 '' //. J.
O //) from 100 <|.
G \ ~ N.
G "V" N * G / J •.
G \ »» V.5) eg »> ve.
c. \ ~ • / 9 G \ ~, ~ G / * / G '\ ~ * • LC lo //.
G \% ~ © \ ~ // ε G \ ~> / 90 G \ ~> '% g \ ~ * ").
. 100. \. •] C3 \ ~> J].
(/ •) =.
G \ ~> / g) \ ~) ~ je] / '^ J3J' 9 JSJ / ...].
G \ ~) 5.
x \ S N.
G \ ~ J-100> \ ~] @ 9 \ ~ / '.
G \ ~ 9.
G \ ^ 'J.
G / • //.
6 / \ • J © | £ 2 |.
Jo] a JS)) »Y JSJ J99 100 A |.
G \ ~> Y..
G * J.
G \ ~> 1916 g) «•]) C A.
3.
g \ ~ / G> 5. </ c 100 / \. • G \ ~~ V.
Jo] JOJ AM // W lo »JOJ 'p |. 4 J3J // e.
g \ ~> Ju! cy \ <>)..
@ \ ~ J '/'.
G \ ~> / g \ ~ e ~ g /> /] J3) "].
cy \ ~ /) G \ // g \. ■ ^ / \ ~> p% o \ ~ sa].
c.} \ ~% Gy \ ~ "JLC.
o <; A \ *! =; Yo ^ ^ ^ x. J ^^^ CS "7, 18, 1 1 o s e p h e r i s c a i G 50.
N o t ae 1 100 O N T 1000 5 5 P M.
5 1 R S A N A 5 Marcus.
• · `.
y O R R vM is the computation, but written in Arabic. Ho.
Arabifmus day with the East holds sway. And so.
Syria & Aegyptij sua not only old, but also Arabic language ,.
They call the vernacular, facri honor. With Syrian preferred.
begun to eat. But he tries to do. The priest, who is in Arabic.
descripfit, an Ethiopian man in many wandered. Errors fustulimus and.
more correct, more than that, he will tranfmifit, I ate, also taken care. Therefore, an.
Likewise, "the Arabic appofuimus; and that our industry, and the STU.
dioforum defiderio fàtisfieret, those who do not inuiri shall learn, in what manner these things.
Enunciated in Arabic. For that which is achieved in the rest of the account of the ,.
Why do the same to this one would be envious? Ingeniofum of equal nations.
Account and almost all version because they lack the Sunday perchara.
Besides the tranfigunt years, as seen in the account AEthiopico.Tres.
And there are parts of this. The first pertains to the Characters of the year: fe.
the second to the Jewish Passover, fine in the Easter term. A third ad.
The rest of the festival. Four pages agreed. The first and vfus the premises.
by pitching of the whole of the method. in the fertile Solennia: in the third Table vtriufque.
cycle with menfibus. fourth Sundays matter to the character and elegance.
The method also meets boy. For that fetch is applied to.
We sent that fitted the method of the Latin rite. they are.
the same happens if the Alexandras discard 3 2 years. Then one year.
Alexandreos Christ, starting from the first Oétobribus Star.
This year 1596 the year of age Soriano Alexandreus 19 o8. Abii_.
cc; 11. It results from the beginning of the year of Christ 1597 Kai. Octobris holds.
give us further 1 596 suspected vfque at Christmas or the first.
January. Here you have the third page of the Sunday cycle of the year.
1 in 566, or Lunar birthday by the year 1578. In both places, consider the year.
one less than we think vfquead Kal.Ianuarias. Accordingly, Cy.
clus Sunday starts from the year 1877 Alexandreo moon and Abanni.
For the year 1889, at Alexandria by 28 diuifa gives true.
The solar cycle Antioch. But at Mcthodum cycle Easter.
2. The year 1889 growth together so bored Nice 1 1 z unity and through.
19 diuifa gives the first cycle Nicenum. So by the year 1877, 8 c.
gives the first year of the cycle of the solar Seleucidarum uifus, or 'Antioche.
Art. Be an example to us last year, Antioch 1 9o8 unfair.
both sides. Characters I know of that year. Diuifis 9o8 1 through 28, you have.
fourth year solar cycle, Antioch. On the third page of the line.
The solar cycle, which is ipfis Linca number twenty-eight, you have.
€ regioneD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 E. 7. »1 9.
A at a region of the fourth year the number of the v. The character V all.


Page 244


Rum and days. The small menfium on the same page of the third, ha.
fes unity for the Regular Tifrin prior to the strike force will give.
o8 19 the previous year, at the start of the sixth Characters Tifrin. Thus V and IV.
charaeter Tifrin belonging to a later Compofita, abieétis the seven, it gives the fair.
second Tifrin subsequent flue first of November. Again called ;.
lo know the Easter term eiufdem year 19o8 suitable.
the year 1597. Afterwards, z is from 1 to 19 perpetual rule o8., and ,.
19 the whole by the diuifis now, I have for the first year of the cycle. I compare myself to.
decemnouenalcm line of golden numbers in the first year of life.
E xxv menfis of the Roman, that is, the month Adar, which he pronounces as its Adhar, and the Arabs.
ciant. In the third line from the region of twenty, he was met by virtue of the unity of charaeter.
cefimæquintæ month, which charaeter year, namely v Compofita.
gives the condition will by force. I say that this year propofitus 19 o8 limit Paf.
Hali, I will be the sixth. Therefore, the next two days, the Lord's matter to you.
And disposes of the XXVI 1 month. Otherwise. The border is a twenty month.
 V charaeter year. I transfer myself to the table of 4. Over the first.
year cycle, flue Matt month under charaeter V, the fourth verfu cc.
Matt running month. Matt month, then it will be Sunday Refurreétionis.
I now know the rest of the festival Ecclcfiae of. For this reason, the gods.
Table 2 is provided. Easter Kowowa have all her mobi.
Spring. It will phase Aia c auuoy of 7 month, as already demonstrated.
it is. Verfu related articles have a T in the first 27 month, under section matter to you.
And instruction. In the ongoing verfu Aggaray under section 7 of the majority of fasting. Therefore.
shalt thou say to the entering in of fasting, it would be of great VII of Ezbai, fiuc of February. Thus v.
Ijar be Ascenfio. XT eiufdem Pentecost. XVII Canun later.
Niniue. Even so clear method of the Arabian as phi.
your ears to be explained is not the case. .
They fail /? version, which discovered the sub mumera, the twin) OMI.
Ethiopian priest carries two letters, which we repofuimus.
Take the example of fuperiore year, which was the 19o7 and third.
gray. Double the number 3, 1111. Prior to obtain the 111 number.
500 Tifrin moon, a former first flue Octobris to Matt Aggaray ,.
flue February, exclufiue. For this reason it was used the same to the end of the year, are highly prized •.
1 V & grind. It is clear.
Nimiue%), Nineveh Syrian same prorfus with Nimiue Æthiopico ,.
Rev. days before quinquagefimo.
Entry of the Temple) She is çaratarw, Greeks Pooh.
rificatio Roman Ecclefias, creative February, the Aggaray Sy.
IOIUlIm. .
Transfi7 2 o. E p h o s s c a 1 1 50 1 G E R 1.
The transfiguration.) The revelation is Arabifmo &! S '' in the A.
maicstate explains it to be to the three disciples, Petro, John, James. cc.
Augustus force needs to be either Aab.
caeßumptio) in Arabifmo is Tranflatio. XT August.
· Fefia cross.) The calendar Elkupti said Laj c ^^] e%>%.
Inventiveness cross xiv west. Or am well aware of the memory, or the things that is to say,.
A high ecclefiarum others. But the present-day in the Calendar that Semiramis.
So read the Lao military x1111 Ilul ** ... is fairly large? Go & * & A.
5augá's 2%, according to Koptitarum the calendar.
50 1 N e A c c e s o o Gn D. 1 QyoT a fer 1) A - <> instead.
The Greek τοπαια properly, not necessarily rosiaia 3 Uluru, fed e IED oudd \ @. Id.
For a weekday. Τὸν πίνακα line call, documents or tokens.
Of the Good consule, the best way Leete, if it would not have been able to do more.
as it is certainly the faces of the, if not the effort further and white: for us to come to his mind.
cxamcn rcuocabis ,.
B.
Hipp. #i.
A 1 P P P O N T 1 50.
S c o e P 1 P 1.
A 100 N N N A S H A 50 1 100 St.
§T93 C. A. berries IAC AAe3ANAPor ATTOKPATOPOC ire.
_ [N € T9. H. Al. R 2 TO A CXA € IAOIC AIIPeIAIAIC CABBAT @ EM.
1 of 100 | BOAIMOr MHNOC tenor € NOm êcra roic e§HC and € OCU Kae.
ib QC TTQT TAKTAI € € N toe IIINAKI eTeNETO ae En TOIC IIAPαNI A 100 kA XHKOCIN © ®ç cecht € IωTAI AIIONHCrizécéAI Ae.
Aamor R 100 or AN AG1 eNIIÈCH KrPIAKH.
IrACTPIM reons. from 1 Aorc 7, S CAPAKA € € "A. T B A.
Marcus 1. .
A sister from me by xarà 14, 1 * ^ l "s see.".
ng A. N () A. T o N e; . • * ^. ! Θ.
Mankind. Simple eiaia; TPHMa B A. Z S.
From the era Pre KAF O R L $ 11 ATIO ifiJ3i5 IA * AA € 7, S £? A ITB.
SS A 2 Pt 1 ** A 100 10 100.
XAA m ^% ^ 6 (2) 100.
 G. fi € 1, 6 1) Ce 1 - • • '.
• apicMar ntepi x N | EM. "JjZ '***' s. From a TB A.
AIIOCTOAIKH IIA PAAO ssi 'by A. kA / L.
100 IC AI ^ T A L S B €.
  | fi 1 €. KA 7 € € KIAC low. . XP ONIK0N accent as € LE ATB.
pO 100 € AAHNA ΚAII6 100) 1 100 m € € € And S S $ §4NAfgz AIHCorcT BA.
Remember IIpoc 2 at 6) NA | A € 1000 PEI 2 kA. AA.
jA KAI, PL SO 2 € IIANTOC "j" A Z. S A T P} 6.
POTP € IITIKO 100 IIPOC CE '. v. »TI em. € 1 ^ 9! CT 18 A L S A.
H P € In an An Pt 1 ".
 • a € arcZO.
R & 3IC XpON ni tu A. N0 € a TB A.
T o t IIACXA J EE IA $ AA B A L S T.
A rat en T 0) 2 Inaki | SS A Π i P €
vi. r. £ 1 out of 7 S • A en E.
Tap & AAIIC IIACAC TPA, Em. * B € € € A Z. S Aeei.
• • AIIP € I.
A 100 φ. .
 _] Fi; A 3 ^ 7, S € "a TB A..
n GPI ESS KAI, CAPKOC A P € 1 v 2.
ANACTAC 66) 100. Ifi. I6. KAA. A Z S €.
A. T W * - -. .
nEPI tataee KAI, §§; N & NA Or £ $ £% 9A9 B A L S AECAPÄ.
moeeN to kakon | Marcus from € 1 or P * $ ^.
 {I} H. KA. S IIAeocA € T and BA.


Page 245


Ppp stes7 22.
K A 1 C A P O C.
To A APxH.
AI KTP1AKAI Tor II AcxA KATA e Toc.
AI Ae IIA PA Ké NT H Ce I C AHAor CI THN AIC IIpo e =.
A.
+H 1A K A. MAI. KT.
If H G 1. A ſl P KT.
tfi e KA. A II P. K.T.
if Ie KA MAI. KT.
# A N. ATIP. Kr.
ºf H. K.A. A II P. KT.
8 I A II P. KT.
rf, A KA. AſI P. KT.
ºf, IA. K.A. MAI. KT.
ºf, A €I. A II P. KT.
ºf H KA. A TIP. K.T.
If I H K.A. MAI. KT.
rf, H & I. A II P. KT.
rf, IA. K.A. A II P. K.T.
if A e I. An P. Kr.
if A Nô). AII P. K.T.
B.
T.
# I S. K.A. M.A.I. KT.
A II P. KT.
ATI P. KT.
A II P. Kr.
A TIP. KT.
A II P. KT.
A II P. KT.
A II P. KT.
MAI. KT.
AIIP. KT.
A II P. KT.
If S 6 I.
if I K.A.
Tú A 6 I.
TÉ A N6).
If IT KA.
If S 6 I.
If A K A.
rå IB K.A.
N ().
rfi S K.A.
If IS K.A. MAI. KT.
KA A [IP. KT.
If G) KA. A II P. KT.
tº A € I. AIIP. KT.
ifi O KA, AII P. KT.
A.
6.
if, IA. K.A. MAI. KT.
rf, A € I. A II P.KT.
If H K A. A II P. KT.
if I H K.A. MAI. KT.
ss H 6 I. A II P.KT.
If I A K A. A II P.KT.
if, A €I. A II P.KT.
if A N(). A IIP KT.
rfi IZ K.A. MAI KT.
if Z SI. A II P.KT.
if A K.A. A II P. KT.
if T 6 I. AIIP. KT.
if T N (). AIl P. KT.
if Z K.A. AIIP. KT.
rf Z EI. A II P. KY.
ssi T KA. A II P. KY.
/ S.
º.
Z.
# IB. K.A. MAI. KT.
N (e) A II P. KT.
* S. KA. Aſ P. Kr B.
if I S. K.A. MAI. KT.
KA A II P. KT.
tfi O. K.A.A II P. KT.
fi A. E.I. AnP. Kr.
ifi 6, K.A.A IIP. KY.
fi I6. K.A. MAI. Kr.
# 6. 6 I. A II P. KT.
ifi O. K.A. A11 P. Kr.
6 I A II P. KT.
Nº) AIIP. KT.
if I B. KA, AIIP. KT.
tfi 6. EI. A II P. Kr.
KA AIIP. Kr.
fi Iz KA. MAI. Kr.
if Z e 1. A II P. Kr.
in A K A. AIIP. Kr.
if I e I. An P. Kr.
if T Na). A II P. Kr.
if Z K.A.A II P. Kr.
if Z e I. A II P. KT.
if T KA, A II P. KT.
*f; I K.A. MAP. KT.
if A Nø. AIIP. Kr.
if Z KA. A II P. KT.
if Iz KA. MAI. Kr.
*A. K.A. An P. Kr.
if I K.A. A II P. KT.
if T e I. AIIP. KT.
ºn S KA, AIIP. KT.
if Ie K.A. MAI. KT.
ifi e / e I. An P. Kr.
iſ a Ka. Amp. Kr.
6 I \ AIIP. Kr.
N (e) . AIIP. Kr.
# IB. A. AII P. Kr.
# E 61. AIIP, Kr.
KA A II P. KT.
it; I A K.A. MAI. KT.
# H E I. AnP. Kr.
ifi.6 K.A. ATI P. KT.
If I6 K.A. MAI. KT.
TR A N6). A ſl P. KT.
# H KA. AnP. Kr.
6 I A II P. KT.
ifi A KA, AIIP. KT.
rh IT KA. MAI. KT.
fi A No. An P. Kr.
ń Z KA. AIIP. Kr.
ifi Iz KA. MAI. Kr.
# A KA. A II P. KT.
if I KA. AIIP. Kr.
if T e I. AII P. KT.
if S 6 I. A II P. KT.
ñ IS K.A. MAP Kr.
if S 6 I. AIIP. KT.
rfi 1 K.A. AII P. Kr.
rfi A e I. A II P. KT.
if A Na. An P. Kr.
rfi II KA. A II P. KT.
rf, T 6 I. A II P. KT.
ºf A KA, AIIP, KT.
IN CA.
e T e1. A A e = A N A P or A7 2 3.
`CANONEM PASCHA.
L E M H I P P O L Y T I E P I S C O P I.
N N o T)ominico oo D L I in aede Laurentiama.
ad Vrbem essoßa est statua marmorea /edens in Ca.
3}$ thedra vtrimque literù Græcè inßripta. Summa.
V®%/%riptionis (amon Pa/€halù, cuius latercula duos.
3j Termini 'Paschalià dextra, Dominicæ Re/ùrreéfio.
Ê; ú mi finistra. *Nomen auctorù tacitum prodidit tum.
B * * methodus ἐκκαιδεκαετηgá\@ , tum lemmata libro.
rum dextro laterculo appofita. Quorum omnium auctorem Eu/ebius, ç$.
poß eum Hieronymus Hippolytum Épifçopum faciunt. Nobis autem.
ille Canon dignus vifàs est, qui non/olum Romae, vbi hodie extat, afla.
dioßs legeretur , fed etiam propter reuerentiam priféæ éccleße a mobu il.
lufiraretur, ô hoc nostrum antiquitatù studium cum vtilitate publica.
coniungeretur. Scrip/ìt autem Canonem Hippolytus, quo tempore A/ama.
65 Europeae Ecclefie de celebratione Pa/ehatú inter fé velitabantur. Illa.
plenilunij verni, hæ Dominicæ fecundum plenilumium proxime /uccedem.
tis rationem habebant. ^Neutra tamen essugere poterant, quin Lumam.
ducem fequerentur, 65 gyclum quemdam neceßario instituerent, vndeil.
c lü plenilunium, hü vero 7)ominica a pleniluuio proxima deprehendere.
tur.'Primus & antiquißmus gyclus Pa/€halù in Europa fuit Oάaeteris,.
quae diu im v/?fuit tam Gracis, quam Latinis Eccle/ìs, adtempora fi.
liorum Confiamtimi. Cuius Cycli etiam meminit caefricamus apud Hie.
ronymum Commentario im Danielem. Oifo ammi Iuliamifàmt dies.
tis mille mongenti viginti duo. In his traducuntur neomemiæ nonaginta.
mouem, hoc est , ammi ocfo Lunares : quorum quinquefìmt communes,.
tres embolimai : ea quidem lege, vt annus quidem commumis fit dierum.
c c c L 1 1 1 1 praci/e, embolimaus autem totidem ,6 vno menfe tricema.
rio infèper. Hac fini orbem Luna in epocham amni $olaris redire exifii.
mabant, non vtique in eandem feriam : cum hoc mom fiat miß explicitis.
pfeptem oéfaeteridibus, qui fiunt anmi quinquaginta /?x. Itaque hac//eb.
domade 0£taeteridum comtenti hacfemus eße poterant , donec Hippo.
lytus Epiféopus argutiorem, quam expeditiorem periodum commentus.
ef. Vidit ille post duas o£faeteridas , quamuis mom eamdem feriam, ta.
men proxime antecedentemfùccedere. Itaque, exempli gratia,/ìneome.
nia, aut cyclus imcipiat feriafeptima , decimus /?ptimus ammus incipiet.


Page 246


forward until 5 / enthusiastic fexdecim Ami explained. In addition, from which weekday.
Ppp 2, begins.
* O s e p h 1 7 24 50 1 1 S C A G E R L
 The cycle starts from the same grade anmut starts. If I am the first A.
nus, for example, has feptimi fair / X outwardly the same.
shall prevail. "This is the way the head and kicked meet all / manner to that period.
And x, x% & gt; 2 / xfi. % Wam series of low fairs, 5, E, A, B, A, them.
the same came up to meet me in limbo in the last chapter. This was the reason why ἐκκα / d εκαετη2ida.
rather than σκαετηςδα enrollment, which completely puerile, as also for me.
diocriter doetè work.
E% ις A βασιλείας Aλέαύε exeg ω y © άγ% if Ai? Bloomington% α.
Noting Aagaxiaus aa £ Gdrg, aussi ίμε μ'ιωδέ γοργε.Eya% ^% ;.
£ rgow κα9ας ύττόαΧ) and τ) τύακι. E% DL 'é »zra%, 4xnxdat ,.
zz39; αεσημείζ). Arônsi% ζ σέ σά ά αῦ ἐμπύ Kverax).
E * t ", gaaiXeiaç% αι} N ε αJ we9 * * 33.) The year is at home.
Cynic popular twenty c 2, Cycle Sunday vu, 11. And the moon 12.
Some Chronicle, & fast start Confulares Emperor. Alexander.
c Cxxiiii the wrong people conjecture that year, of whom these things epoche, rebuke,.
fights. Alexander began to gain power entirely for the year z 2 2 ,.
V 1 Ides of March, 11 days before the epoch of This XXXII.
cædecaeteridos. .
E% IAI? IIOO. We think? G / woud exam, there was a \ ta.
1âagm. Since then, four leads, so A familiar quaternarijc.
The first, known as the pence. It also schedio Samaritan.
Note that for the most Præposito small number is larger.
numbers, that is, the fingers are known articles Notes are preferred. Mt.
notes, however, preferred to larger numbers of Greek vu.
for a penny, to the twenty, no one doubts it: the Latins, not from the vil.
fives have fedenarium, and hence to the pipe, greater ms.
undiluted ahead, which in the language of Italian, Hifpanica and French.
lose. It is rare indeed I ought not vfurpant auetorem Latinitatis, so that the.
bentius the seven and ten, ten and eight, ten and nine years before.
, Seventeen, Oétodecim, nineteen say, though it is not.
vfurpari business tasks, therefore AI is τεατλgevd \ xdtM, quasi IA-existent.
d excústagm. D.
A fourteenth day of the properties, which immediately precedes.
Full Moon, that is, the preparation of unleavened bread. Fourteen So.
about a mile, to the Monday that was then had got into the sixth. The following day.
Bread was gone and solemn. Yet auetorem guitar.
whether the Paschal full moon of the fourteenth ipfum understand.
gether, which, however, was to be said, rather, on the fifteenth. They do not.
once we have said.
EJ \ ot, THE E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 51 B. 7. »,;.
A Eidö Arg ^ {diamond. ) Paschal Full Moon 'half of the day.
Matt April 5. 45 hours. 28 'After meridie Rome, on the seventh.
MA, the year of the usual twenty c 1 1. What with the whole list.
rush. .
E * &% παραχκόσύ%) promises not only in the future, Fed.
In the past Canon reliability. But the birds to the area.
he repent not of the truth of Canon suus, we shall speak later. .
I atone $% ά δ σά.) ATomyí %% to solve this fast. Clement lib.
v Canon xix.Xaöå åzvíagς τόμῖns, a £ χας DÃ ¢ x7rvo4 »ness; Xawn %%.
μ $ μοι ἐπιφωτκάσης μιᾶς σαρρατων. The same thing in the same place, Ca.
none xn. Xawn? Ejroq d'whipped %% q £ 6όσμὴ ἐμάςα, ἀλά 3% © Q) Vy%.
@ wwτ. Fidelity Arabic word for this channeling% Xazinsi® ;.
Ε say Las] Hefychius: ATIONHCTICAC © AI% Xaonscia; And i.
πάτω λ3äy. It is easy and fast Easter Sunday refut.
matter and the board penetrate. This is Xawm $ i% ός new phrase is over.
"Bring to a fast fabbatum fequens. For as often as the border of the falls.
on a Sunday, Easter is celebrated Sunday if on that premise.
On Saturday I was fast ordnance. prohibiting any fabbato.
fast, except one, that is, Saturday Paschatis.Sed for three times.
mino is not lawful for to celebrate the passover with Tessarescaedecatite the Paschal ,.
so from that day to fequens across fast, and not from it.
In next Sunday. And so it is Xaoyn $ yo bursts, that is ,.
metaphor of fasting. This is true of this place differently. For this Xayn5i7a3.
entirely different, something as cited in Clement, an attack is.
eioo; Whether {λίως σοιβραr®.) Epoch Canon fell on Saturday ,.
as we have already said. C c 54 days following year was a common means.
feptenarium diuifa leave Wednesday. Therefore, the ongoing Later in the year.
Terminal A on Wednesday appofita ever known. The third year has.
will make the first bet, because there are two of the year in common, that is to say dies.
500 c eviii through the seven diuifa leave the union. Fourth year.
embolifmum dies, leaving behind co xevi make feptimi. & fic.
forward. . .
II25,3. II29 "K7. This year is bifèxtilis. But why two days.
p surfaces appofitum desirable A.D.xii and A. p. x Kal.Apr. When dramatically.
who years bifèxtilibus this may not happen, I can not invent a reason.
that it seems strange to me that, always with the letter præfertim 100 assuma.
it, therefore Rev. March, the flue Urn August. Apr. For the year terms.
is observed on the first day, and the 100 version Sunday, cyclo Sunday IX. Therefore.
xxi of March are made use of, it is not, however, xxii. Thus, in the eleventh year will understand.
Even so, the radiation rcliquis Heccædecactcridibus Where radiation Rev. ,.


Page 247

 ....
P pp 3 SS) Hocz e p h o s 26 1 1 50 1 S C A G E R L
SS.) This is Bifextum. In fact, S, flue £, well-known fenarij, which forbids.
Greek disseminated over the sixth place in the order of letters and Aeolus.
W the Dutch knights of the bus there was a well-known, and the Aiyagua and this was the yourselves Aen.
, thrives in C, it is not £ could be formed. Cadmus of the letter Greeks, that is ,.
The Samaritan solely by the Greek public. 7 is a Samaritan.
inuerfum digamma. Moreover notes double-SS below $ xwfiw € ¢ gods.
He calls the small Dominical.
1 to n e c c 11.) Whether it was a mistake for the makers of a sculptor, fine disuse.
They duct and willful, 1 for y improperly dispose it. NY joy.
it, that is, Xe / 3o). Hæcautem all that inclufa are in the cells.
to the threshing floor Laterculi, are leetionem on either the New Testament, of which the.
vfus was at that time in the Ecclcfia. But some of them are immediately B.
out of the world weeks, and with the same day of the week he shall cleave fast, nourishing food.
When foitasse same day menfis, certain nomad for a reason.
Terms. To look Πάεσις Xa / 3oJ year from the first, Matthew EW.
thanks) awvxtog AE, fiuc águovjs birthday of Christ read menfe.
Pharmuthi, at a time when they thought that some of the birth of the Lord ,.
as he writes Clement of Alexandria, at other times not a few of his veterans, who are also called.
Rum variafque debates about rumors say the Lord's birthday.
recenfentur. .
ezex 1 c.) There is no fixed ratio le and fed to the Terms week.
Of the Paschal appertains or from some claimed was the ongoing Chronicles, chap. thirty Dec.
celebration? Bloomington% α.
CEI • 1 c.) For loois. This argument is also leetio eiufdem.
the feast day of the same, from the same book, chap. XXX V. The same proof.
Kings ongoing cap. XXII, 2 I.
A cb oh oh c.) For E3od®. Eiufdem argument Cause celebration.
end of the. 1. Let x '.
KATA ääni H A.) leetio by Daniel IX fitting Terminator.
The Easter. In fact, and it is there to set out the, & from the slaughter of the Messias.
€ CAP A) Of course Erdeg. I think that the force of Efdra, 19, concerning the celebration of the Pa £.
Cha. unless you prefer of Nehemiah, the 1x, for the sake of the prayer of Nehemiah, the CONUS.
nientem time of fasting, so that fuperiorem Daniel. Maker.
le concede præfertim Ecclefia with plenty Efdra skimming D.
whom the Jews of Nehemiah.
Kai e :: € P H M®.) Read Ka) and igfiug, lx end at any of the numbers.
Doubtless, the formal celebration of Easter in the wilderness of Sinai.
1 c IIae9 3. This also incorrectly marked for y. Leinster.
While the IId3 © * XY. that is, Xe / WA. It is a state le & yo. For.
they thought that extensive acquaintance with Christ who suffered, some twenty of March, between the.
whom Augustine is speaking. .
iHA;.
 .
_ _nD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 E. 7. ; ,;.

From the IHO 90. I do not doubt, but that the author of scripferit iHC.XC. Inorgς Xeg. $.
However dissicile the divine, which is the le and the upright. In fact, not a few in the.
That the distinctive name of the Gospel are. Neither in this connection it is clear that, for what purpose.
the three leetionem, or Two in the same cell of the: except that fa & um therefore ,.
Easter leetionem its cycle of working together. that it is not 'du.
Bito. For what else can we say? But neither is this I know, wherein you stand.
In reality feptimo quarter ixxoud exaetheid \ @ leetio 3 Aawija Monday.
quarter, which coincided with the sixth year of fertile, why again.
This year feptimo leetio Ino & C in 4 places on the third on Thursday.
6. In fact, here or Amoir of time, the nature of the place and the time limits.
no. Likewise why he has Ewipfiuè in the first, to the fruitful, day of the week by force, but with the same.
B leetio done in 1111, the year John feptimi gray. Why fine% E J \ @.
the last year of the first cycle, Tuesday, Sec same on the first or.
no X nutriment. All these things are unknown to me, unless we were to say the time of vtrun.
who flocked state's lecture, and Pascal Le 5 & Stats & sun.
vfurpari mobile and mobile stand. .
H c Ore.), John xiii end of the doubt. For if Christ has suffered.
Matt March xxii if the streams that Agape session, that is ,.
•% XV2 / σκόν d'étyoy so called XXIX Fathers Trullo and.
Canon X 51 Of Carthaginienfium. This is called leetio.
In RA; to the most important word of the inItiJ of the head, as is usually the case. IIe95 iogr; § IIøøgæ.
In a d & le yo and the state is $ imoi. The same is repeated in the foreign country.
100 feptimi quarter àXXa / d exaemeid \ @ "is subject completely unknown.
h. \ ihs, cuiufmodi a certain woman, while in this cells.
:. '. 1 cm c \ i think from 1 D A N C ^ T om, oi A * AA 1000 c o r c.
*. *. A 100 N 1 N 1 A c e Met A mistake is a carpenter in 1000 and 17 O N q.
::. A 1000 volutpat.Sed J cuiufmodi other mistakes here are the names for it.
Pfalmi from the argurhento impofitas to be, is not new, but the old one.
Hippolytus in Pfalmos scripfisse, Jerome & Theodoretus you.
Witness: Fed vtrùm felc and some, like equal ® * μ% oiag, um.
the whole pfalterium explain it, I do not remember. When the museums.
nes scripferit in Pfalmos, that out of the Theodoret we infer, that equidcm.
I do not doubt, but that in a number of scripferit feleétos, such as are @ μ%.
500; Ia; And others. Moreover, this Bishop Hippolytus, indeed, of a kind.
Eufebius book, cap. xxii history of Ecclefiastica, but whose vv.
twice a bishop, he would not come again. Jerome fefe quæfisse Indeed ,.
but not to have discovered. Theodoret, in the polymorph, since, according to the books of.
faepiùs the testimonies of many things he can produce, and the Epi (copum the claimants, VI.


Page 248

 Gelafa metropolis Arab bishop.
calls, Nicephorus Portuenfem. Jerome surprised by the ancient writing.
ri, and it is carefully to have been unknown, which is fresh, and the Nicephorius.
 •.
4 PPP writing.

/ 7 28 1 o s e p h i s c a e r 1 50 1.
r.
the writer did not escape their notice. Many of Hippolytus, written by A.
Eufebio, Jerome, Theodoreto, Gelafio recenfentur. of which.
Some of it here. .
It accused a c t p 1 No. 1000) completely scripferat growth together, I c € € P i ntax
mreo N, or, if you prefer, err c t p 1 mreo X. This Phoenissae rarely.
fuscepit entire book of interpreting scripture, but feleétum.
argument. In this way we have said for some special work to them, beak above the \% from the ooia μάς μ ^.
scripfisse. Thus, from the first scripfit of Anna & As for Elkanah: Samuel, do not.
First Samuel. Will speak of the Pythoness, from the same book. So too.
No doubt he scripferat; £) (a5giu.3oy it rabiaulu 3x8ααν πεσμα.
2 / 3wy%, aetores XT 1. except breeding auetorem Ecclefiastica she declared.
rant from him having been written about Pythoness, from the proposition, rather than to that B.
Samuel judged to be. that it is not under compulsion and I may concede that, & that too.
I think that to be. .
Y7rég £ 23 Iaaj'w & A λία% *} Xτχαλυφεύς.) Apologies, then writing.
"Pfit plenty for the Gospel of John Alogianos against that.
Euangelium cast upon it so long nomcn them for it, and.
dgxi) h) @ ^ g. Also scripfit Apology for apocalypfim into that.
who were of old, and what they said, & scripferint, see Eufebius. Because things.
they are known, and vulgatissima produce intempestiuum take notice of.
mouse. Clearly apocalypfim scripfisse testified that he and Jerome.
is that there is nothing else but a fufpicio than this, for an apology in li.
war. C.
IIegi χαςιαμέτω.) This, too, was feleétum argument.
From the cap. x 1. Prior to the. so that the truth becomes, as we have said ,.
we rarely find a fresh men to the books of the scripture is of him, but the extraordinary, a certain one of them.
traótasse.
Aτοςολκλ ἀδοσις.) IIegi Xayo ^ Ixj; J $ £% ατρς'vide Irena book.
111. Div. 11 and 111. For this ipfum argument is that a suo Oh.
against the pier and the planning and Hippolytus. And engagement with Eufebius, Augustin.
And others. .
XP O N 1 KON.) Mistakes sculptoris.Nam estXgowxóv.per δ μxeg).
T ^% from € λωας). To the nations on a nation that Clemens Athens.
Gora, Justin Minutius Felix, Arnohius, Finnicus, cheering, D.
Cyril, & is the newest of all is already an adult, Christianifmo Au.
Augustine. .
C 2 1 9 kA MP A. Ten) T £ 6; IIλατυσ {cripferat Hippolytus.
For a $ 3% ārdor what handled, nay, shows, and more so than that out.
skill. aegök IIλατωνα thus be understood as τgòg ax ^ lwag with con.
against their customs and religion scripferit. scripfit and thus the xaj%.
• IIλέτωθ and 3 Ila? Pèyi3e.
TIgorgeID E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. 7. z 19.
A II297: 6% Z6, 7; 6; > I £ ngelw.) Scripferat a letter to.
Ireland, as a matter Theodoretus. I do not claim to be himself.
uerinam, the queen is said to be done among them, but nor of the approach, if any, so.
Think.


Aτόσάάς χegioy IIaya% e% & τά παι.) Aτό} μάς indeed.
She died. IIù23 the fuperest whom we now spend on their hands.
mouse, which also calls κανόνα Eufebius that λτd ei% $ &% and xα.
vδό these words: Kai% £ 3 IIaza riroira a Megur. And A &.
<% Xegay dyayeg4'w from $ m $ p ©, tai ττια κωδια ἐκκαιδεκσετῆσΘ a $.
3 IIøøα τςο $ € ¢ III% T %%, ir® Aλεζαὐ} ε * g © αυτκgg% zejow ;.
zêyeg4%..

  .
En Ka T P G A τω Π 1 x.) $ @ Preferred to read that now tell.
And we have known, since nothing else happens Naidas \% another aiia3. Otherwise, you can fufpicari.
au & pray scripfisse, m * $ & T) aiiaw. But, as I xaijom {% and aiia3.
diuerfa far, and Xavd to $ Eufebius clearly remembers that now.
1 mOnu1ImUlS. .
And AA 1 1 fi c c a c t a C) aaa 1 of 1 RIA A c c T A C PT Ã®â c.
"So Gregory certain Epigrammatum in the li.
loros facris, which are quasi aeëoXoù, and, as it is commonly called, argue.
chin books. These appear to have been Eiufmodi ἀδαῖ.
IISG 3J ά σωρκός ἀσφάσεως.) I do not doubt, but that title is from the ipfo.
and an edge that conception be IIegi x 30), G & A%% aiayaaia ;. In.
ctclligendum For out of the book of the Two Natures of Christ, whom from his.
T Ippolito was written, the author Theodoretus. Further Ftesm.
there are valid arguments for a $ @ ¢ exc / 58, also Aë rapxò, AIA gave $%. Therefore.
And two diuerfa works. Tertullianum founds the flesh of Christ, and Re.
furreétione.

IIεςί τ 'ἀγα3οό, η, τὰν (ά xaxdv.) In Florina prcsbyterum.
equal of those times, who makes God the author of evil he did.
Therefore, excommunicated from the Roman Vietore. Auote Eufeb.lib.v.cap.
XT. Hislor. Eccles. Origen 11 in the book of Job, God the auetorem.
denies touching it, so I think »hanchuius Florini haerefin and the Hippo.
lyto our fentiens; : - B -. •.
1) ER A * s %%% £ 8 Ka »g% t) A dgxi.
At xVe / axaì? Ila% α ἐ ἐr0 °. .
Aί σε ἀμεβήτάς όσ & αι τω δῖς τςὸ ἐ3. ;.

A fire; 3ajo} Kgjr4 £ 8% t) ggxj.) Eufebius: κα / τύα κωδιὰ ἐκ.
xωδεκαετῆσος ἐ IIøøga aego% 3% ίη AG & Ev άνς Aλεζαίο} and ad.
(Xeyvog, %% xogovg aëye944. A wonderful speech. Iai% Ag and EV £% ,.
instead, ἐπ '£ AG & really awake. Even so, talks lib. 1 1 1 1 eiufdem work ,.
Div. X1I.

Page 249


• /.
 tiwám7 3 O 1 O 1 s c a s e p h i G E R 50 1.
datm Yui gegone; £ & £ y ',' 3% Nagaor®. Here £ i}% of said as a A.
τέra, except mcndofus the Codex. Why current among ignosccndum.
the framer of Jerome, who writes as follows :. from the Eufebio to the word of the vcrtens
£ ationem P / Cha and 5 times, Canonemque fcripferunt, V / Mie at first.
Emperor Alexander's mum year. 1 fifteen years, more than iXXa.
d% x £ tMgida call. Not in the first year of the canon of the Imp. Ale.
xandri defines, but, by the same he begins to. For nonsensical to Canon.
in astronomical epoch in vfque of the times to be written, it is better than he is from.
The epoch. But this is false in the case of Jerome, or in those things.
In Eufebio fequuntur, translating. Eufebius Hippolytus she writes.
Some commentatum ék 3afiu £ E9), and those .gj, tlu ^ iaaio £ E9. Iliero.
, however, the whole of the book of the Pentateuch, the name of the ἐ ἐζαημάge nymus, whom B.
Genefin call it understands. Confequenter the name of the? p. Tlu% ^ %% A%.
με29, scroll up its Mofis, this Ex. But the £% &% με 9g.
Ecclefiastica writers call it that Jews rvw * ■ r vyp it.
is, time of creation, which first reported the Genefeos, whose r.
gúmena force extant book Ambrofijtitulo Hexaemeri. This work, MA.
Although among us in verbatim hath translated us into the part out of both to the Greeks. Why% μ% τω IAI.
με29 / mean of Paradise, from the tree of knowledge of human lapfu.
end chapter is ongoing. .
Aixv2 / zxa ^ §. IIøøga% 10%) As the other bricks.
© £ JEgidius system àxxoud criterion requires that the suspension fuccessio base.
The Easter season from feptimum day of the week to the first moves forward, and the fic is the same reason, C.
requires that an order has been rich in small letters Sunday.
Fefe confequantur alphabet. If the first year of the first cycle of the F and J.
Barbo then G, A third, fourth B, and thus forward. In view of this this.
substitution of confequentiæ of vacation, ἐκκαβεκαετηρίδα name rather than to Ax @ epigida hath chosen, and Hippolytus. m.
Aίδ έgκατήσάς.) The word critics j *% $ £ flavor, ùwoXéytâ, a3g.
$ I% ν, ύκίζίν. Moreover, he understands, however, the notes of the C £, which I am surprised that things omitted here ,.
When reminded that this was a small appofitum. For use.
which were the result of the addition. .
You, oh, aego A3.) This is the array%, Bifèxtum. For £ or + funtfex ,.
And AE are δῖς ἐ3. • D.
IIe9 ;. Ka. Mai.xv.) Rcs oldest, observed in primis.Quo.
ties, the term of the Easter falls on the Sabbath was past, ficbant tranflatio abTco.
On Saturday, in the next 5 Xawnsio udς that it was proper, that is, Tranf.
progress of fasting from Saturday to Saturday. Why is that the case is properly v.
furpatur Xawnsiguìs, so in an improper sense in which the term has fallen into the Do.
minicam, which supra. So often in the canon.
impinges upon Saturday, O & always time to discuss this phase of this.
Older) from E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 1000 V 50 1 E. 7. ; ; :.
Aantiquitatis excmpla rare as they are, and thus the reason for this was given by Victorin.
We can ask who writes in the prologue to fuse great periods: $ mi.
the full moon day of the week happens to be with and / equen t) ominicus.
The fifteenth moon is found, the same week ra / mi / $ from the other.
Sunday, that is, Luma vicefimum / ecundam be transferred out.
Passhe truly said that no less eiu / AEM Domiuici passes the mystery.
destimarent than / extamdecimam, mec more than viceßmam / ?.
cundam would receive the aliquamdo the Moon, on the contrary, even a fine carriage and choose their time.
Fima day of the feast of Easter; I have stretched the fruitful vine, which Paf ^ the Lord's.
Fiona before the fifteenth moon wise to inchoari.Tam remarkable.
an interpreter, a monument of antiquity, he could not be a more suitable le.
B values. Hence, in that it was the custom of the ancient Ecclcfia, would never have the passover, in.
XT Nifanius agreements. But later, after Ecclefia x 1 V, the Rev. included.
flue duly celebrated the occupiers. Clemens, for example in his book. v. E
άπτη29ιῶτες έως eixo (d \ @ Age re fim6, 67r @ ς μλὰ ἐτέα ἐάομαό έμτάτη%.
τεατιςεσκαιδεκατη ἐσελήνης. reliqua.Hocigitur and properly essetXaoyrsiguôs ,.
as we have said, when the limit is fallen into the Sabbath was past, and that the Sabbath,.
fast, but fequenti. On Saturday there is no fast beside.
than at that time, that Refurreétionis the Lord goes before you. Clement lib.
6. 3. c öüão be approached, ακτόν έν άλωτύ άγιωτύ Top 4w ^ 6 * 3 xwe / ".
% 4%, and the OAE my iay re9αῖκόν, αλλ 'άχ άogra% y. Canon named Apo.
clothing, eít; x ^ he / xός & £ 3ein τῆ ἀλα my xvgiaxii and y, h τΚασθρατα ,.
Z 100 w £ áòς, όμότε, κα from $ pel & A. Therefore recognize this old thing.
Hippolyto one of our credit. That was the.
Never XT moon is celebrated, where we have a shining example in terms of x.
Gregory Turoncnfis book, the year 588, the cycle Sunday IX, LU.
Oehler XIX, which was the end of April, xvii, Saturday. Easter.
Matt is being celebrated, or within fifteen moon, but the moon in twenty-four. A.
J & Gregory to this place and to do the most business can do about it.
and of this the knowledge of antiquity, for which we are not under modern.
oluisse opinion. This was done, not even the solemn order of the Christian with the Iu.
daica arena. .
Later :.
\ \ 732. . . 1 o s e p h 1 50 1 s c a c e i R
/.
50 100 5 50 5 S A T E R N A T E R 1000 1 50 1 St.
- A, B C_ P | E 2 '. || c |.


Page 250

 A.
2 [* A | 15 [AI | 1, 2, 5 A 918 61 1 1 3 A || 14] [1918 a] [1 622 M.
} [I 21 1000 | 16] 22 1000 || 1 3 25 1000 [] yo | 18 1000 7 |; 1 1000 4l3. A 1 [6] [17] John A.
4 | 9 K | A 17 lifetime || 14 [13 A 1 1 || A 5 16 81 19 | 23 1000 [16 1000 1 83o M.
5 [19 1000 || 18 | $ 3o 1000: A | | T £ [5U 9 | 8 6 || 11 A 5 [14 | | 19 [18 A.
6] 18. 1000 | | 19] A 1612 18 1000 | | I * 1 3125 1000 | 28 1000 7 [31 1000 4 | 3 1 16 A.
7] A 17lio A 5 1 16 14 | 13 Al. | 1 1 | 8 A-6 [19 to 5 [23 1000 2 126 M.
8 | 25 2 1000 [26 1000 || 183o 1000 || 15 [A || 12 | 5] [9] [8] 1. 6] A storm] | 3 [4 A.
9 [13TA] | T3HTAI TIST8TA] | T3 [; TM 1 3 | 25 ° 1000 128 1000 7 | 31 1000 4 | 5 A.
A 413 m of 2. A 1'6 A 17 | 1o A] 14 13 1 1 | 16 8] 19 A 5 | 25 1000}.
1 Il 2I 1000 5 | 23 26 2 1000 1000 | | 18 | O 1000) | 1 5 |. A 12 [5] 9 8 | | | 6 | 1I A.
A 6 x 9 1 | A 1 1 3 'I4 A 19 [18 A 16 | 11 1000] [_13 | 25 1000 1 c | 28 1000 7 [31 M.
1 3 [35M | | T7 | 3 TM £ 3TA Π [6 ta] [ti7 | CTA 14] 1 3 A || | 1 1 | 16] || 8 [19 A.
1 4] 18. 1000 8 | A 19 5 23 2 126 1000 1000 1833 1000 15] A 2 1 215 A 9 [8 A.
1 515 A 9 | 8 6 5 1 A, [14 | | 19 18 A 16 | 22 1000 | | 1 3 | 15 1000 | | 1 O [18 M.
1 6 125 1001 1 128 1000 John '' 7 [3 1 1 6 1000 413 A A A 171 ° | }. 14 [13] | 1 1 116 A.
50 5 50 5 A T E R C O M's 500 N 1 1 1 50 100 A St.
I 2. 3. 4. 5 V. I.
_ H R H R HR HR HR 1 | ;; _ j * | g.
TÉÉÉÉÃ g || | || 5ÄÈÃ A | -3 ApjìTÌ7AENiI§ | § AEVITIJ AETA] £ J;.
§ | E [3 ASS A || E [? 7. A || 618 Ass Ã| [5 A [A-6 || B yo AF A || 100 [| ass; A || 500 5.
3 600 | 28 1000 [Mb9 1000 18 1000 19 500 E, F, E1; 1000 | 31 1000 | G F || 1000 14 | 7 | [AG125 MSS AF F B A | 16 1000 | 9 A | B} 100: 7 M.
Ae a whole roasted ÁÉÃ| [15] I AE | EB: A | IO A || IIa, 1000 || G | 5 | A | A | 3 A.
Ia ETÄRTA] [B]; gore] TC [ATAjiTAIID Faii; ta || || T6TAETA TF [TM [IITAIIGTJi.
6, G | 25 Mb, A | | A || 26 1000 [6 1000 || B | 1o 1000 | 27 1000 | 21 100 1000 || [4 A || 500 [11 1000 | 5 || E [23 1000 | 6 || F | '4 M.
7'F e [i; aII; A G F 7 | I4 A] AG | 8 | 15 A B A | 9 A]; A] [CB | 1o A | 14] [dcii A | || E 500 28 1000] 2 A.
8, 500 [19 1000 | 19 1000 | E [3o the M6 ​​A] [Y | 3 1 1000 | 7] W || _A | 3 _A || From [2 | 9 A || R 27 Mj7 A) | 100 | l8 M.
9ΓC | i8TAH8TA] [DT | I5TAT5TA E | .oTÄß; TM] t] 11 Tarr G [15 | A || A | 16 [2. A | B | 1.
1 o) B | A yo | yo K | C.14 A1 1A 500] 5 A] n A | E [6 | o A F | 7 | 11 || G [8] 1. A | | A 19.
1 1 | A G [25 1000 [Marcus BA 15 16 1000 [2A] 100 B [27 1000 [3 [600 [28 1000 [4 | | E 500 [29 1000 [12 A || F [23 1000 [13 A G Fe.
1 2 F | 14. A | I4 A || G 15 | 15] IA 15 [23 Ã|; A 17 [27 1000 || 100 | 1 1 | 28 1000 || 500 [12 | 5 _A l E | 3.
1 {1 [5U [3TA '| F j iTMi7TA [G] A | 8 TAI AIZTA [I6TAI | B | 3 TA | 7ta | | | 100 | 4th | i8a] | 500 | 5.
1 4] 500 | 2 »1000 | £ 26 || 5 1; MJ O 1000 || F $, $ i $ | A άβς Κ | | A || 1000 26 | 9 A] | B | 2o Mlio A | * 100 | 1.
1 SjC B | O A | A jDCii A yo [8] E Dixon A $ '* E1; Azo A || GF] 7 [14 1000] [AGI8 A | A || 1 BA | 9.
1 6] A] z | 2 ÄfBÜ, $ IL; / Γά [§ § A || 500 | 29 M'12 A] | E l3o 1000 | 1 3] | F | 31 1000 | 14] 1 | 1.
So is this beautiful old fanétae security, which means.
ram does not lufit, flows down from that we have learned to, the things that from any other source I could not.
mouse. How vitiofa, this is the explanation given to & taeteridis, from those arguments, which the tract of.
aside, you know. For the first time pofuere Laterculum times.
Minal, whose eight columns: the first contains the Easter term.
To Hen the Heccædecaeteridos Hippolyteæ of the whole, just as the Greeks inlapi.
from its conception. The remaining two of the seven columns backwards.
The former versus contains a number of gold, the other is true, the border of the Paf.
LET DOWN faeculi that one day feriorem than Dionyfianum. NamTer.
Ippolito himself are not the first year is given by x 1 1 1 April, and I really ,.
which Dionyfio twelve eiufdem. In this small terminals see the force.
embark on Heccædecaeteridos, from comparison with enneadecaeteridos. . Mirra.
For a discrepancy, it is clear that even a child, and Laterculum ipfum.
 loquitur.D E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 E. 7. 73 3.
Ceases. In addition, the fexto year Terminusponitur on 18 March that.
æquinoétium four days before his tartar, which was xx 1 Mar. 1
rj, nor is silent as he, who in the name of Clement the book of the canons of scripfit.
v. 7. άμάς σε φυλαατὰ% tlw Ianuier € dy / ov τεοτω * IAP / y; & Egς, ήτις.
34: 3) όζόςαέ εἰκαδ) 3 σωσεκα (νμluos, ός ία Avenue% at € 9 ;. fæculoApo.
to restore the τετη έ eixdà. The Sunday following Lalerculus seventh.
Three columns in every backwards. In the first version verfu So.
minicalis. On Easter Sunday the ongoing Hippolytus is in front.
You letter H stamps. In the third straight Easter Sunday that version.
: A frontal outs. Discrepancy vtriufque as summa, so manife.
stand. without any need for the index. But what can be said about the vice O & taeteridos.
Brunt fully fàtisfecimus ongoing book. Now, here, of the Oétaeteride.
Christian acts from Epiphanio than doubled Hippolytus, for instance.
company shipped straight to the reason. On the Sunday of small Greek fraud.
is a sculptor, fine quadratarii. In the second or Heccædecaeteride.
no mono vitiofe carved f r. A 1000 K A. P. Legendre £ 1 c. K a.m Al.
H in the last three years for the SS. e. K A. Read: K A. It may be so scul.
ptum is fed from the readers poorly decline. For, on the when they come out with great authority.
assinitatem has. The eighth year of the sixth vice distinct from auétorc, from which it does not.
dratario. £ S.eI.AIIP. There is a delusion. Easter term pofitus it.


Page 251

 The letter was Sunday.
b. Matt Easter March in the legislation. 1. s.e for the picking.
100 s. KA.In fequenti quadratarii th year of disability from 1 ,. * A A.MA grams of Leinster.
While the 1000 Ai.In last year eiufdem r. € IA 2 grams law ifiS.e i.
In this phase or by oétaeteride they rarely occur before St.
and why a turn, then the vice correétum a Dionyfio Bishop ,.
He remembers the letter Eufebius, and if xwóra & exre)% * The I / G d}}.
£ T, U $ i ^ ak those n; rlu äapulu ^ ^ {iamuseias agooi√ τω 3IIa% α ίοςτω.
äîexáy z> 45ay & PG ", namely productive Can landed Aegeo évrtegc.
i% rock and flw αγιω% IIaya fiuiegy ago * iapj, iamuseias £ 3 Jah'dai. "
{& Fkxá, xa9augelô 2. However, when O & taeteridum and Cycle & orders.
The Welshman as he was of the Paschal way is not accepted, the decree of ConcilioCarthaginien.
If that phase should be declared a metropolitan. Canon XXXIV, Lxxiv.
Didque μὰ ἐν ἄειά χόε δα% ματι, but far ahead. Which is why the same fanci.
tufConcilio Braccarienfi ongoing examples fuperuenturi to its amni'Paßha.
what day and time, and how the moon to / from / ipi, a metropolitan.
àpifeopo indicated that cateri bishops or other Clergy breuicu.
l6jubnotantes VNU / he / Mie on / ua Ecclefia, the arrival of Matala.
the day after the Euangelicam leetionem annumcient. During the Second Au.
tissioäörenfi 'canon 11: To all of my elders at the Epiphany /%.
fos the care of the faithful, who are with them from the beginning of the quadragefimam Announce to, and in the Ipfa.
QQ Q Epipha7 o s e p h 1 3 4 1 1 50 S C A G E R 1.

Σpiphania show to the people. A. To this canon 1111 Concilijiiii
letania. However, since even in the provinces and the metropolis might be hesitant.
tures of the phase, the last refuge Ecclefia Alexandria. Lion.
Pope Lxxii epistoh in August Martianum Studuereque sancti fathers.
occaßonem of this error was to take away the whole of their care of caelexandrino.
Epißopo delegate for Egyptians is / upputationù am.
tiquitus been given to navigation by seemed to have special skills, but those who are, by the river / her throat.
Day praediéfae / olemnitatù cheering and / £ gods & Lett reveal that Hu.
ßripti right to the more distant Ecel% as the information is generally time.
Then Cyril bishop of the city of Africa fynodum.
He writes: iiage d% g? Bloomington% α, ως #) p * \ Vdle d% d% Λομέρ άμῦ τῆ πο9.
WA Ila xaXwg a major Jua, and say, £ ^ 0% τί άτεςχούς Ιυκτύι. B.
H 2 O R N A T φ H. O. @ € o C. O. K R K A 1 P 1 O N T H CH 1000 ® X.
An AT 1. CY NOAON. Φ M aa E I. OI] R XOM P. € € € © A. T 1001 (,) at O ​​t i
A AE oh i • From this year, the writing was twenty c c 1 1 Christ, for example.
We think today. The following year c c exxiii phase d'a3daiuoy cc.
lebrate x v March, cyclo Sunday xii force of the moon. However, the French.
I do not know whether these Octaeterides and àxxoud exagtngid% reached. Certainly.
Charles the Great, the cycle of the great Vietoris also vfos within the time for them.
agreed. During the Second * 11 11 Aurelianenfi, Canon, the first such decision.
it was pleasing to God's favor, as he / dill Passhe / ecundum la.
terculum Vietore (Victorij) from $ acerdotibus any one time to celebrate.
masses. Epiphany feast days in Ecclefia people who ßgulis c.
denuncientur. To set this out in one: in a word, I am afraid, and those Heccæde.
the rest of the Hippolytea A rare thing she has been received, with so many absurdities in il.
la abandoned desirable. For what O & taeterides Easter to know.
that of the epistles Dionyfij, Bishop, of which the beak above the times, and from contemporaries of Epiphanius, out of the.
iufque reasons discussed ongoing book. Why indeed period.
£) ionyfiana Victorian France does not exclude a possible existence.
cuiufdam we know the causes of this and not like the periods of Easter, on which in Pe.
trocoriis seen along with C.V.P. Pithoeo our year 1, 583 Au.
Vefunnæ narrow Petrocorii oldest fplendorem testify.
Former notable memorial still remains posts ,.
Amphitheater, Tower marvelous work which only retains the D.
Vefunnae. Together so clear that much of what wrong time, Fed.
was distorted by far the more superior the permission of the civil wars.
In fact, and to the bishop, which, illustrious as it was, & Basilica Stepha.
if they are euerfà. At the Basilica, at the right side of the main altar inscul.
ptæ were of the Lord's Easter, of the letter of the better, far more than can be held in the.
they seem to have described the times of Justinian the fra. The title of this concept is :.
H o c e s t e T E R N A S C H A Sin Min vM N o e t f o CVM.
APP IED Succeeding E N 500 A r. E P O R T 1000 1000 V 50 1 E. 7. % 3.
A F1 N 1 E R T A C A P 1 1 1 N T E R E P E 1000 1 c a r c s v xx 1 1 1 1 1.
A p x 1 1 | AF 1111] AP twenty |. 1111] MP xxx i] AP xx, and so on.
forward. The fine, however, Mr. Matt. AP XT 1 | 1000 grams of work and AF. xx.
Doctor and consistently seen as the start of a cycle of Easter Dionyfiano.
sixteen, twenty-four solar. "Why did either starts from the year XT, either.
In the year 347, defines a CV or 637 x Easter cycle, So.
ongoing warfare. Was a brief interruption, the years of XC. However, some seem to be lacking.
Of the Lord ', I do not, however, as he conceived, much longer than the period of fue.
fights. Why is renowned as a period of Cyril was only just so, or Theophilus.
xcr years. When it says that the P / EHA / boundary line 5.


Page 252


Bresthendi, nullly mentioning Termini Paschalis, & aurea: quod.
quidcm vcrum cst, & rcs ipf, indicated.
Q qq 2 * Hq) I>.? 36. .
HIGHLIGHTS.
THE LIFESTYLE OF THE FIRST QUARTER
E K T O N M Y Y M Y Y Y Y Y Y Y
 . M ON Y Y Y.
Number of seeds and sprouts Sprouts all.
king of Herakleigh, and say to my lord the king, hon.
footer of absconding and voting. of deduction.
and so on, and to the sun, or to the moon, or to the moon.
 C ONTEXT OF C OMMUNICATIONS
Sunrise or New Year's Eve week or jump 5 Apulia and.
mou, as, say, if he did, though, that one week, on the other.
the first is the first and the Apsillik and the mime, it is either a week or a week or a week.
traceability. Otherwise. Exactly) elag, ej or praise weekly or finale Marcia ,.
WHAT YOUR YEAR'S YEARS DO NOT UNDERSTAND.
Unexpected years of the year and the Apizillig mime Hundred Sunday Chs.
chomymym, has. .
 P R O R E S T O R E R S T U R S.
For the next day, the rest or the first myr first and Apisilli to fall.
in December, or in the winter, with the average of six.
On or before 3 December, or in the case of overseas departments. Th.
T HE C ONTANEOUS A ND R O R E R E R S.
Nineteen years, a ninety-seven-year-old cycle, and 7 million pounds.
from the point of view of Sghim on 3 March,
The man who was born in the ninety-nine, is receiving a quest and an emotion.
I have a lot of fun.
SUMMARY OF THE PERIOD OF YOUR DAY.
in the middle of the street.
Paste or day, on or after a day of reward if I finish it.
nine and fifteen years, excluding and taking the oil until it is over.
only. D.
ABOUT EMBOLISM AND VACCINATION MONTHS ,.
Embolization, replenishment, or even slumping until the rebound or k%.
eleven days of sunshine at the rate of consensus, for a period of three days.
of the swift mime, the moon of the moon, and the eagle.
and sunless asparagus is the day; it is not only a jade.
sapk ', but also.
A N A N T E M R R M L1 B. VII. 232.
A GREEK MOVEMENT OF THE MOVEMENT
Pachalum®, I am the first of all to the moon.
(6 '), and (5).
d end k? ' "I do not know what I'm saying.
all of which are of the priests and of the Martyrs,
finally have! the 3 Apsillig or the Peris and exonerate the omen.
nine or nine years, or the age of neomymias and quails.
(6 o'clock.
C ONTEXT C ONTENT C OMMUNICATIONS A A A A A A A A.
Overpricing and legal defeats, one month's days on a Sunday.
I'm going to be a teenager and a girl 5 or a guy.
whether they are being substituted or not. .
P R O R E R O R E R O R E R E R S.
SUMMARY A.
THE.
Regulation or termination we resurrect and salvation,
He said, "I am a man of the world." or 3.
the insignificant idiom of the Hebrew wisdom, as well as the.
pseudoemission ,.
Psy.
OR.
P:.
b.
THE.
M.
EU.
P.
M. (.
THE .
: 3., Â.
A] B l T | A l E || Z Z | s E Al r || 8 | Al *.
TT [5, 4.] T _ 1 _ _ _ _ _ _.
Huipau | rnc IEnt Mlje * j «TIosi npc rigo ITosi | Mt / íe * É ¢ n ;: II i Mlós Bö] ** •:.
ip & x. [im. [xtv]. [aaior. Swawil (Seti) aäau. | ualor Sitty! aja!! kaiwr. 7M.
EZ € XII®'KZIGEBPTIHI AI T | ITATITIA [...] E> EfTTTIA.
TI ATe IANor'KTHIAI | ATIKEIMA PTT] [EIIAISEIITIBI.
T | BTIKIWEBPTIS [A] [TITATPIA] [AIITI [6KToTT.
Ez € XI] TIAT®EBPTIEIITAI | IETATPIA] [IERIBEETING.
TTI AIIBIANÖTKIETATI IIAIKIBTMAFT] [GTITA EEIITTE.
TT ETIRTTTEBPTITIAT [TITANIANS | EEITTE.
EZ & x.] TIA II®EBPTIBIIIAI [A | INIMAPT | [ETITEZI.
PZTII EISEBPIKAIAI I ITITIA ITAIIH ORT @ IIH.
E & x.] HIKTEIOEBPI [I] IAI] [I] [ZIAIIPIA] [ST] K ZEEfiT GII B.
TTI GITZIANOTIAIITA | [AT | KTTMAFT] | T | I; | 3EIITTIT.
TT | T | IHTWEBFIHTAI [IIIEATIPIN IIAIIET | OKTÉIIA.
Emm € x. | ITA | Ke T $ EBPTIZIAI | | T | AI | ATIPIA] | I5IKA |> .ETTIIB.
T | IBITIIANo r KZTAI] fAIKAI MAPTT]. [5] IT]> ETITTIT.
TT | iTjKTATJEEPTE, AI [TITBATIP IN IIAIIBI | OKTYTTA.
ÈÉX. [IA] B iT®EEPTIA ITA [TIIAIIAIIPTA | I £ | KA'SEGGGGE.
I | IEI FIANOrjK AIA] [A] KTAIMAFT || [*] TEEIII ;.
I s | k A φ EBP | I B] A | | _ | © [A II P I A || 5 | K ©> ETIT [I Z.
E & XlIzIE IJEEPITA ITA |. | A | Ké] MATT] [STAYING.
TiHHIlTiTiTiTiTiTiTiL | ITALY fiTP IN • l A lIECOctOt.
* H φ I Σ M M T H Σ A A> T A> I. €.
M o r E o P T H Σ.
Kegr§ * £% * as ^ fins, &%% ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
aëóyw Xaê Ad àu 33% i% * aexfin; (%,% 5%).
& amp; ev. Ka) & d% $ xayoyie on the bottom of the page for $ 3 per item.
Sejga of Peuaixova, to be comfortably happy, to be happy.
pulwos, A £ yo dh% JNigai. Enamal * * * * * * * * * * * *


Page 253


xê êçu, & Agéri ám & * oxä xa% y £ ypa. owgyo *) fiuiga, H. Em.
ga ^ ggfjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj
3 aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
% $%% Xe / £ t the Holy Communion IIaga rs ^ äv, i; 7'w ayi * o P.
<%% y% p xve / zxla) rhylophenoxy, * ajasaora *; end.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * *
E B A o M O r MH N o x.
E, 34 / i; 3 xaoiie \ 6 & dixJe aviae ag & ev xar '43)? Pouaiwg.
3) essiu e / e, rlu) Tozialdo duş di $ x € v & w £ μlw} ς & £ a os.
έ;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;; đlddmetar.
Eôegio; A '.
D E M E N D T T M E R M M L B Β. and 39.
Heavenly, when I say that! moon oe. He's in the air.
This is the most important thing in the world, and solar.
and when it has been used for five years or 5 years.
day, day, one day, seven days a week, a pityless labor.
is there present.
THE HUMAN RELATIONSHIPS.
 P A R E R S A T E S.
Instead, if I do right, I will make a call to the moon of the moon (6 '
in particular, that it is not for the sake of the Holy Spirit that it is for you to do so.
Siesta or Sacred islands) and the Glory of February.
I can see, for example, that this close-knit queen for the past.
the day, and the sunny days. I analyzed ten.
I am the son of Ziphrashiah, one day, yoke, that the maiden.
the other day, and the last few days, and the last few days.
Holy Sunday, 8 February, eleven, or so, or so.
"is done").
LIFE OF THE SELF-EMPLOYED EQUITY.
Show up to the nineteen years, eight, five.
proliferation of a pogodian day, two years ago, that the first "in.
up to the only moment of promptness. and the rest of the country.
Spoiled Voyage ") in action and unevenness: moon.
P R E R I R I I I I I I I I I I I -
All the day Hope or fall 3 Hail or lurking & losing.
the smallest of the mosquitoes, or the moon of the moon. d you all.
Half of it was watching. Hopyron is a moon of moon.
C Y C O M Y C Y C Y C O M Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y.
of the Moon Moon. .
The Pope or the Moon is a mere thirty-two.
In the midst of a calf or a moon of indolence, or a sign or seventh ".
{\ crq \\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\ '
and every one of them, and all, and so on.
RESOLUTION OF THE DIPLOMA YEAR ,.
Hop Diocestis is five years or with a quote of thirteen or so.
all the Heracles and the king of the king. Vote).
the way in KJ or guinea pigs is multiplied by years and years.
swollen all over millions of years or unequal spinning.
if twenty and six times the multiplication is required.
39 4 and 4 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
 "H • N 3 2 / A n>> 1 earth / & W. \ "or Y.
at least twenty-four or fourteen-year-old. d simply by way of A.
and the end of the term (which is said to be the subject of the term already included.
another measure is the multiplication;
either universally, through, or up to and including Diocesan, or counting.
know six. The strikes, the year after all the years of the past, have been rolled into the Moni.
5th or the moon of the city or of the city.
W ORDING THE C OMMUNITY.
who is the Egyptians.
Wrinkles of the paternal or moon, the price, and the Egyptian mime.
the voice of the Lord, and the Catholic, and the Almighty.
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, ye wah, ye wah, ye day of the day 24,
noscogr, the wilderness, the old ones, this price is deducted or B.
l'Spodyresa. .
P R E R S T A R S A T R E R S T E R S T Y Y Y Y Y.
Bears, this passion is coming.
In the first instance, the President of the Council of the European Union gave an additional 6 votes.
or "agglomeration is brought forth or virgin, and from it is also an abundance, both Lord and the Lord.
I'm Jesus Christy full-time @ gilding. As long as the sun is miry, YE, moon is not.
D1, day or weekly B, and D, g.
and the overwhelming amount of insignificant wisdom has been made. Until.
with no sunscreen (6 DA, moon) (the day of the week of G. Pali.
but not to the extent that it does not matter.
Myrrh H1, moon and 6 ', and daylight, as is ga.
After the incarnation from the half-anthracite Δk 1 of the tribes,
LA, of the kingdom of Exclusions and the kingdom of the king, years BC.
and there is a time of salvation 19, and the passions are old and gone.
it was as if it came from the United States, and the USA.
ON THE INDICATORS OF VOICE VOTING.
Even if they did not pay the price, the Romani Indians invaded.
differently & more like that of a ballot of the same Spoon.
Adam and Mary, and (i) when it came to this,


Page 254


(6 ° C), from a glass of water (the end-of-rods).
this was the year, while this was a glorious price of Shrim. "
it has been totally underestimated, as it has been a year since then, and it has been honored.
and he went to the kingdom of Judgment and Judgment of the Creation.
krepimozimir k? All rights reserved. All rights reserved.
therefore, that is why it is myth that I have spoken to you, "he said.
or D E E M E N D T T M E R M M L B V II.
A or K? I saw you Sophia the sculpture, and there are twenty-two, for that one.
and the lodger, ten, and eleven, oh.
The wives of the sixteenth, and the twelve, of the king's.
and the thirst for us as thou shalt thou glorify thou god.
by the way you are gentle as God. The unpredictable beasts, twelve.
of the Indians, after all, as well as the Lord, is the Lord.
Thou hast given me an eleventh old lady, and thou hast frowned upon him, Sacrifice;
by virtue of either the vote or the vote of the Invincier® up to the vote.
the same as the ascendant, O king (Adam the Apostle, cf.
t? the intention of one of the king's reigns and loneliness of the Count ".
and to him that divideth it. Excavations of more than ten decades.
Innowe) the virgin monkey. but also in other pauses, he will stir him up.
as well as the Indoors® to the Volunteer Word Count.
WASTEWATER OF SUGAR RIG.
CHRISTIAN M.
as well as telling him to be a bachelor of the Zac.
joy, joy, joy, honesty, memories, whom.
the sun and the moon are coming, and the whites of the sunshine.
every one of the three sisters of the city, the sun, and the sun.
moon is not I. am im not? Romans Septiembre is a seventh generation.
having. day of the fifth week, from the beginning of the year.
r, with the sun and moon, when the sun is shining, if any.
It is obvious that he or she is a member of the day or of the seventh day.
yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yeah, and myrrh.
moose, moon, moon and ages ", a recipe of day 5.
f. you & amp;
and Ioan is gay for a year, and for a day you are well-off.
CHRO74 2.

X. . . . ,:. and s a N A k k ε ε ε Σ.
Adam *: bb Sls.
SHIFT / Hail Ziph.
E "E" "E..
I have had. Ambil and dollars.
Meileil Epiphate Tholla "Foundry.
E 3 9x Iair Sm.
Enough of the bush.
Methusela Skez ashje Jfseh.
Lameks in the house of Ezeves 3.
View All.
 fr 'Avdon.
with Phillips.
I charged? "Sampson.
Anarchy and Hermance.
Shala "Helium.
Ezer. "Sammyelier.
Fallered with Saal.
Ragai ".
Sennin E || Ε. "Mr..
Nahor el Revoam.
Thabba | Abia.
Abraham. . . . . . "Asa.
E "or the apostle Jacob ξ | |" e ".
K.E. 283 ".
E ".
Honey, yeah.
Mostly. "Amasia.
Enlargement of the "Oziyisis Alit Iathaim" "a.
the chips of Achaizhim HE Hezekiah ala.
Gödöllő "" I 7 g9th Manasses Aiglion t " Amos t.
in Greece.
Sennar or Iacob.
Ieves' sages and honors.
Deborah TEEx.
 with Judgment of the Judge.
T E M P R R v M L 1 B. v Ii. D E E M E N D A r. A N * esset? JN • 7439; arguveXII *; j ^ 2w ^ Mzpxss Aytoyijo; - 43 v.
BaA7wazp I, ^} αθ Köuo} *]%,% AEF £ e 3AET EI | 3] IT. '; % ts.
Kùes 3 flipans T 3IAE] [Arg.ET j, j * x x.
Kau $ am? I [23] Ex AEgx: I 3 [*! I.
É¤-ÉÉ ÄÈÉ¤ = -íí; Ej; T «*, | vT] M £ * Mavia, || 13 %% «%.
[A ?; 3 ;; T - | ** | * '"rop £ TTT% -" € 4a.
Afi & T ETÉ] [**** I £%} ^ £ [AaI ■ Ijil ArsII £ J * £ * 3.
B £ 293 2 * ßpg ^ Taxos & B »x« ataris * - 84 * y.
Ae * £ es; , and Gaxelaiis & Taxio; % 84ae.
 Aapei9 -,,, & p% K ^ aJJìos ß "^ k &.
Alas% a / 3e93 3 Mayay? jepoy Aug. o: *, A 46a.
É¤- |; | '; H-H: E.
Ê = | * | £ K £ e9 <& K, £ ve; £ £ £ £ £ | 7.
Excajcata; I 3] a.] $ • **; | £ È É IE: I |> arari; * [and 3.
| T | Ex3 | egari; 3, hours *.
T. C Fêxa¤ qùa ae --- xg_ ará Quartari; f-eog.
Textuj © aiw, e / tns j-, et73. Quê JN £ £ £.
IHoxaudjg 3gAXJ £ $ 0 -p- Å "y ge * -;
[Ex io3EPIL; [** || * * [***.
Eri * EEEE * £ | £, KxaTcz IIL E] E3 || ¥ r * 25 ee $,.
TEs, Ex PAEET3T * || £ * _; [eg.
K. GrA * EL_ ' '' '' '' '' ''.
"I- AIEI - 13 '**' TAT ._ x% isq ^% Isjos x% 1721.
[Kxa / 303 IyTjsa. || sia; ,.
»Neil IIa; ||: j :, - 3; %.
æ-IĘ 3o39] TCie *?, | * -.
TĘ Ist *, Mae £ I 3 | r ?.
AuçIL 3 * * * *%, * * Nyss. IIL II * 3 ÉETÉ; AT3.
Taza, ET E | º; * * * * * * * * * * *
Exos Anxios «; & 4% [Karsarios ----- *%, and f% a.
 - JTlaXyê j "" "" 4.TTTT &, £? On.
f, q p7rn: 744.
I S P E I I S C A L I G E R I.
{7th Theftoner & eo 3 & AJ, -37 - {\ ll - C) N Ez XI AIETHPIAQN.
I. W & ¥ ^ m € 9% $, - ATIN nor * Toryan ex axrh kai.
& lt; / RTI & gt; & lt; RTI ID = 0.0 & gt; 7, & lt; / RTI & gt;.
---. yog 7rs7rAwpœtaq.
$ XTtv &; 33, B.,% N% -t --- i..
Aevulgi, £ ape °, - ß'oT Ha '& ta / t% Iapáø pârti p.


Page 255

,; - ;; = j5TTTIT _..
******** *? *****; * .-] -, - \# - H d '& taf t% Náé áttu τῆ.
© and% ag δ Aagapwvtla64 dU. qe j ---;: == - =; T; - [τAT | T.
ę *** [iri:; | # £££ 'ElApTJaoRET - | -; A'o ^ e HETE TEAQVE ŠT.
K ... io. E7WT © T * Λ'αλ "| H and & t / t £ Kjp * * r% Kawyqawtfy® uo3 Aéoyrr® 2 \ g. Qo 30 I» m 1; 7. \ J * Täi j | ' F £ pov άτὰ ze.
Aio, Üô Køyga '& * TIĘ] | IIIÉTATÉÉ¤ÉTlTTITKovq ayfios ῦς Aortc avzò +% I * ÁÉ + - ,; ßασιλεῖa, t8 1.
 .
-.
/.
μπre; Eipta); Thank you very much, and I would like to know you.
KaTario ui, f ,;; [-.
Est, ',; re ag, _, ££? ".,] IIIEPI TON AND PEPIOAON TON.
gig ** - ££££ * A n O φ Λ Ε 'E T o N. fi o T s K A I E III.
\ c,.
Et -ETEll ... ";.
'rayUag ^ XA t I'. «^ Eor.
Ę [£ |? £ # tEij.
I. U>. ... -, -, - ■ JT | '-.
; :: £ * re -; -,% ** £ _ H & 'c, ra /' *? Iapáj) árá px; a3J \.
| and O ¢; - ;; =; - j57] [jZT | -t-.
ę; ** ---- 3 373 H. • y & τω'τὰ Aauêx άτὰ pμ £ alq'iq.
[4 se • -JTTs / T __ r t.
ά «You \ • 0 I. 3 ***. H * '& τα / τὰ Nawg ár vt *' Grx,.
QQDl O C. f s ;; -; - 1-T [IJ ACT.
É¤ Tity] [HEYGETI | xy | 3; O rrM 1 • ā-T. > * __. _ • _ * _.
£ * 'Amari J \' H £ e; tast Na * p άτ {x6 '; yp%.
• «^, - ,,, - J7 I -; -.
vein; HĘAe * i * I | 5 | and | x ?.
$:;: ... ETHËHĘ.
[* and £ UM clot, • ---; - ;; -; - [7 I -, -.
Ę * -; H £ G, ta / 'Eçexla A || 3 LJJr.
E9t / ο • -; - ii ■ * -.
Ἐ * XjLAET HĘ ********] * [***.
; ££? H | * £ * y ^ riy> ę ** [Kayςτιντίγε έτά x * '|; ea, &.
Ę - \ * |.
A H A QID E E M E N D A T. T E M P o R v M L 1 B. VII. z4s.
A A H A O> I> T O N Y II O K E l M E N O N.
EC «A A to I or N, II or T E K A I E II I T 1 N ox.
0 owój éxæ $ o, & z ^ ng% 9m.
Hey & * $ r. Magiæ, * '> t? AiyJz7 «% swey 3o3); and% zpóτω 77aa j% / vjö, Io.
no x3 '%, zero 3 say yes, no, 3) * Naw, zzó 5 $> t. A% a%; yoxę.
Ev. 16 Ino% t% Naw% eiw% x% w C, +% * yí τίς ἐπαγβλίας εἰς πῦ διὰ γ αγιωνόό.
«£ x * f $; x3 'τω f rr% ζ αός »ijsuo t £ Θepoi. your 5 £% /> & rj A & w%; yo% y.
E, avha xi t% & vy Ino $ $ I »% $ x & jg £ p% ατο καθ 'E £ pajss Jnq ^ aaSw, τάτ' ἐν ἐπι.
vnxoy ​​(& etnek. tò 3. $ J> & t? A% u. τ. χατα '.
I have read J 'and ßaoiXeia; Σολομένς ό C, Ideyovx'juois #% ato oixo% μάδα vaäs. tone 5
p *> & you AJ & u you 8vo. ^ '*.
E, ἐτά γ τίς ßaaiXeia, Ioaxâu G apáto, ἐῶς <! Wq / î) τίς εἰς Ba% vxóva j / ijai.
Ioreg * x> & toixiag. go to ì /> you A £ μ ἀ A3 '.
E, ita id Kjps τὰ Πάραν τψ τῆς aixuaxotfag ttx & tìor & v; ower ^ wp & $ m, Wys).
* 3. J £% *> & t. Aj.u (3,333.
'E ra and you, 3aaiXeia; Aape $ t $ M% ^ g ^ & zo 'Imo% t% IaaiJ \ ex% Zoe %% eat ?.
za xg% x, & IseyaAwuos a) ic όσλω} 9m ford. t.J 5 **> & ti A £ μ τὸ ad.
E, áre, ß 'τῆς βασιλεῖa; % Y% * Kajazeos ígígono Ἀράωτο + </ ίζε23a, & oi +% f.
Little, 8th year old, xxt 'cxiì xv p8 apâ, avä * £ rwonjúte ;. t.J 5 *> you.
Aåäw t ^ a%. .
E, & uy ry% υάτι καθ $ uã, à ^ 'z%% u & uero% υς τὰ πιττάς ύς Ira $ ;.
Xersis »à qγsσά ¤ ¢) Jí £ ua; τίλ® ajSeytos »φύσά τάλειος Jí ίατὰ ^ 'now # 2 *.
_Oek tJ 3 *> you have already eod..
C E, £ * {13 r ;; 3ασιλείας T / £ ee / «& ta / Iop% n ßat; 133), xà τω & y £ uat å.
31? % τς τιςτύκου Uvo, xae / £). your 5 ìf> & r. Aλμ%; eq) X. .
E, & ra 16'r $ @ τψάi G uw * # e / ov i & ta τέγος, zză $ a, & τεύw tí fugtipg. qùod.
s.,% μος, ω ** '> ai A * 6 & £ ^ £'. .
E, & ra x 'tis ßooiXeia, Korswth «* & Nixaj &% 9re auJo $ sit.73 **> & you Aig.
{, ai3 '. +% *> & r} Xeuq? 3. τ} ptiq '. .
E, & r {β τῆς ßaoiXefas © εοόλοῖς ἐ & Kayszytivs t * x4% 9 * awo%. to #f.
, & '> & ti A% w%, eoo £. ἀf $> & tj Xeuq§ t. to6 '. •.
E, árd py ti; GaaiXeia; Qao} οῖς ἐνές% & Eq) äwa% a pâtre9,% sre quòς, ω3.
+ J • & '> ti Aàu. % ßuy. W%> t? Xeuq§ t. vey.
E, & rt, & tí; gaaiXeia; Mapxia / $ i & Kapxn% w% sre awo} ς, ω Σὰ ἐυλά)> ti.
A $$ or you; 9v /. £ £> you Xeuq $ vuy. .
D E,% rti already; £ oxygen, I & gt / ia / $ to% srs qwoAc. yours to? Â®> T. A% w tī.
| aui £ ii> & you xe xe.
T E A Q>.
Fr r N o T a.
/ z46 I o s E P H I S C A L 1 G E R I.
N O T E I N E c L o G A s M A G N I ^.
C O M P V T I EX M AX I M O M O N A C H O.
 O.
oN A T vs smoke vetustimi Computo Graeco Maximi Mo.
nachi quodam viro fpe & tatissimæ pietatis & eruditionis. Li
This is the optimal note of scriptus before D cxxxvi annos. Ex and ea.
Exceptions, what is to be done? Scribebat librumfuum.
LxxxIIII annis antequam Bedas Anglofaxo Computos fuos & li.
/. bros de Temporibus ederet. this is the last year Christi Diony.
fiano 641, ille 7 2 5, both monachi, & fupra captum fuorum tem.
porum eruditi. Integrum volume poten tial cdi non fi c fruit: scd.
is not huius loci, neque temporis. .
O '2g £ uòς ἐγ}) Three Æræ fiue Computi temporum funt, quibus.
Constantine Constantinopolitan vtuntur: duæ quidem proprioe.
rum, tertia illis cum rcliquis Orientalibus Christianis communis ,.
What is Oriental Orientality? What is Oriental, what is Captain, ad Christum ?.
absolute years put 55oo. Eam Antiocheni, & Arabes Christia.
ni, vt alibi docuimus, calling for * loy * Qy * £} s άποχlw ^ Xwê í *.
, already% ¥ ae © ;, fiy «y * yu y $$ Ad du. Reliquarum duarum priorem vo.
cauimus Paschalem, which Computum Cycli Paschalis doceat vna.
cum Indiétione: alteram autem Lunarem, quod for x 1 x diifà ,.
det cyclum Lunarem faeculi Iustinianei, & infra illud fæculum. Has C.
rum trium vetustissima, tritissima is Paschalis annos determinans.


Page 256

 All of them.
For Ecclefiæ under the Patriarch of Constantinople, today only.
by & burn care of by ordinance Fastos and time sua carve Moschovia.
tae, Bulgarians, Georgians, Irish, Circassia, lllyrij, the Albanians, the Greeks am.
ends, Christian arabc, as in my peruetustis Euangeliis Ara.
bicis. The letters, which the Emperor Maximilian 1 1 Germany.
A military sent c z Javan Bafiliovvitz big Moschouitarum.
General, I remember that it was written in the hall nofira do.
minij CITY, • 2 / O /% Hovv, ammo for it, • 2 / O84 pivot 7, Menfo Doors.
Rio, afternoon 1 1 1 The Lord 'x 50 1 1 1, Empire and Russia thirty cope D.
He xx 1 1 1 O / trocouie xx 1, Sec. Remove the year of Christ 1576 aban.
7 O84 end. The upshot is discussing the old account Greece, PA.
Salem, and the year of Christ Dionyfianorum. And discussing them in.
TI old Dionyfianorum 5494. Moon and discussing them in.
TI Asia and of their years of Christ 55oo. Many Comp.
she vfus great dismay of time and history, and.
lcct minds out. The cure for this disease fubiccimus Ta.
bulamD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. 7. 747.
A A B A A T 5 50 1 5 1000 AE RARIVM, Tlbulam three.
of Corn.
#; An i * e AM Life |.

5 1 alts, three more vtri, MS Vtrt Again 3 3.
$; £; E. ey ii. :: £; £ EG; NIF; Ah, putorum tI1;.
CLI 6 1 i i o | poned O L School. ] Na do v Nifanius. 1 S 5 ifrit. himself :  .
;;;;;; / ;;;:;:; :: | | :: | [*** Sa | ;; * "| Jg | fold. First,.
basis. Chali. ricntali. Calis 5 § 5 COI1.
 11 1 - 19 * _ _ | 3 · | I11a dafs i v 2 10 9 7 | BA | | V Apr 6 XXV himself; And Tri.
17 9 pr. N.] 3 t1I1Ct OCtT1.
2 * ;; ά 1 G Matt Mar. John Mar. | 6 | For vtriufq ;.
- | J | S | - | | | - i | | - | - | cycle, Luna_I 2 10 1 10 10 1 1 1 Apr. 2. F XI || 6 1 1 1 & O. | 2 y ".
- - - 1 -'- | - | - | [4 joinder l | | ns, and Solaris..
10 10 11 i
I2 4 4 1 11 E Mar. | . xx 1 1 Sep. 17 Second Epo.
V *; • ;; 5 500 100 xx 1 1 Mar. 5 x 1 Oct. 3 Chas terms.
T | TXxII [T | t | t | t | | | JTT || | S | T | military Pafv 1 1 4 x Apr. 1 thirty Sep.] 1.
- | ;;;;; | i | - || | - | - | -I] - | chalium.Ter.
force [... "| √ | 7 | ^ | [XXX Mar. [6 *** * P | * | third, Epoch.
V 1 1 1 10 11 1 2 sy Feb. 2. G Aldhulf 1 V 1 1 1 O & T. | {7-tenth Ti.
* T * • ;; 3 | F | | V Feb. 11 Matt Oct. 17 [5 whose I1 3.
- [TXXVTI TRIWITTIT ID __ I_. XV himself, first of all the system.
10 - 7 | '* 1 xxviiMar. 13 grams' - incn has :.
x j ** '' '| J || 5 | 100 || [XV Mar. | | | V O4. | 4 | there is at any rate.
10 ** 2; 7 TE 1 1 1 1 Apr. [4 xx ivSep.]. what is it.
- 1, |, | | - - [| | - | - Day being observed.
* Ru | ro | T | '|' °] [XXIV Mt. | 7 | | * * * S * P | 5 | uarer, (b {..
    _'1_ _ •.
XIII | , | ** '' | | F || [Xii Jan. | S | | . OA. | | For & ay.
           ■ • 1 ~ _ _ I ___ \.
10 £ 5; *; 3 E 1 Apr. 1 xx 1 Sep. | 6 γέλιαμα Za.
    -. _ 1 ~ - | - | - | - χαρί8. Again.
2 1 1 2 2 10 10.
10 5 1 5 500 || [Xxi x Mar.14 Mar. [2. .
- | - '3 | 3 | _ || - | [T TII '| | - I - | | first Part.
v 10 10 V.

**** | , | *** | * [*] [* AP | | [****** | 7 [five spring.
2 1 5 x 7, y. A nine Sep. 7 | 5 May 18 3 'fibus agreed ,.
"| √ |:; 7] t | || iIIe ​​a été. Piiii.
j | ;; | ;;;;;; |||; versus the brunt.
xx_ | _v III [xxviii | _3_] _ a.
IxxIIIIxIIIITATI Ed spin to vtru.
IXXi [10 | 4 | I5TI 101] 's treasure that cycle for them to have.
E | J | i; ; too, so that teaches title frontalis.X 10 1 1 1 1 - 1 1 1.
* [13 | IVITATIGTF] [For the first number, larger dispute.
26 | XIII | as || 3 5 m, the cycle of the sun. second count.
10 v. V 1 1 4.
   .
intervals, H | u | a | e | | Li charm & grind of the cycle of the moon. The calXxv 1 1 i | vi | Y III | _6_ || C_ y.
549 8 15 4 l 55o 5oo cc versus vniuscuiufque are added.
A 500. * '' 'Dissèrentiæ years of Christ and air.
100 H R 1 s t v M. Rum. Verfu placed fourth version So.
minicalis Roman fifth place, epaétæ Sunday. The rest are clear. Meth.
<Due to this. First, you must know the age serse propofitum. This conscquc.
grapes, dissérentiam years of Christ if you add But I believe that the mind.
From the first rr r, s e p h o Z48 1 1 1 50 S C A G E R 1.
Κalend.Septembris.Idco years of unity augendi.quia the IVth A.
September vnoanno push more years to begin to believe in Christ ,.
the Roman Ecclefia. Therefore, this year 1596, will begin the year, Christmas.
STI 1597 from the first. September. Then add 1 597 years to 5494 ,.
5o8 5, 5 5oo. O91 will have a 7 year serse Moon, 7 yo 5 æræ PA.
Salem, 7 O97 serse east. The rule of God for the continual diminish the two of Obededom.
lunar atmosphere. You will have 7 O89. and the other two bronze in 7 ° 5 ,.
O97 7 through 28, and 19 diuifis, then dropping in a V lunar cycle for Sunday ,.
xx1 dropping in for Easter, X 1 1 1 dropping in the eastern region. Also cycle 2 u.
nostril instead of dropping in the moon, and 18 for the Easter atmosphere at John dropping in the eastern region.
Tijger & £% αης ύόκηόφ ') He wrote this, as we said at the beginning, the year of Christ.
STI 641, indiétione x 1 1 1 1, Qug indiótio starts from Septembrianni 64o ,.
with the endorsement of the moon, of the year 613 5 æræ, of which two brass Himself from the perpetual.
rule less than two years, the method vtriufque gray. But the ad.
only the unity of the method of Indictionis was to be diminished, as is shown here. Who.


Page 257


and then minutiones-year-old, or to introduce additions to, præfertim where the sovereign of a thing.
there is no mention? In fact, the fault of our own, have I no auetorem pof.
fum, warning him that he will not be the year 61 35, but was cut two.
the bus the characteristic of unity, for the sake of vfum cycle. .
Ilae, fixed and fax?) Epaëtas Sunday Latin computer concur.
parents, Amharic, and also to the old name of z / J $ joy calls. They ns.
Sunday cycle are known in advance and do the same doctrine. Epaétæ plates.
when they give will make a regular compofito of the day, to the rank which consists of matter.
propofiti relatives. EPA, however, are arbitrary, and flows, as also regular. However.
This argued that the regulars are always the same: epaétæ flue concur.
seeking changes in the course of the solar cycle. What then, either.
do so, and most desirable to you so understand it. Martijinitium year's moon.
(In fact, this is also arbitrary) are regular if they are united, for example.
it should be, because from the beginning of the year, fertilizing March in regular e.
they two, the third three reasons. And thus forward vfque the seventh. See vnde in.
you start thinking of the solar cycle, that is, the cycle Epaétarum. Started.
the first cycle Epactarumhoc the year 1596 by Kai. Martij.
¥ quota is the same day of February of the same year. It is D.
second weekday. So epaéta Solaris unity will be the first year fecun.
dobinarius, three, third, fifth on bifextum fenarius. And.
the fic forward. The boy and the plane. Our Maximusin.
annumComputi begins on the first of April, ancient Ecclefiæ. Therefore.
The regular day of unity. Therefore, if in the first year of the cycle EPA.
And interests, on the first of April is a Sunday, the EPA and insisted Sa.
a suit demand to the seven, and indeed it was then inutilcs to be, will be office through the year.
ajárax% ,.

B E 1000 N 500 E r. TE-1000 P O R V 1000. 50 1 B. 7. 749.
Aajírax%, that shall he speaks, that is, the end Epactis: qaia feptem EPA & AE.
with one of his regular compofito, they cast away their feptenariis, they give a covenant with the day.
propofitum. Therefore, they are not in the vfu Epaétæ feptenariae: but then take place.
Characters are regulars to the end of the holiday opc Epaétarum Sa.
Lari. .
Eταχlaì i and j is eioiy $ μίω.) Reet. Epaétæ Sunday with one subject.
gulari of March blowers make ipfarum day.
Therefore Epaétæ ipfarum day of the week Sunday, are relieved of unity.
te.hoc is that calls ἀλ μίω. Epaéta necessarily the year.
is to be the same as the Scria vltimæ of March, the biggest, as he also did not.
omifit. .
B Ayàtax%) have now shown that ár® dútax%, when Epaéta it.
fèptenarius number. Then a regular day and confer.
Regulars of the whole of the year, all the appointed feasts of the year, and so successively are Ipfa.
5. Are & M & Aφ Κ ip3a% n / ais μνός) years Ecclefiastica menfis.
April first. XVII v books under his name Clement.
ίτι; % Ζ) d) e & Jigg fixd}% 3% \ xdre μ'wός, άς άι Avgg ©. If April.
The first, then Mars, and Dvstrus is twelve. Sica.
nastafius Antioch April menfem first calls & Greg.
Turonenfis settling November mounts, August fifth.
II293 ALAI) Computatores Regulars of these, our leaders, and that they also of the Gentile τςοσ.
$ $ Fiuieg you call. Doctripa is only the Greeks and the East ,.
cnon of the Romans. For the cycle of the Sun's far more precious than of the Romans ,.
And quick learning through Sunday. And then fuperflua to do.
And a third Epaétarum dial, and regular. It is not, however, omiferunt.
the founders of the Annunciation of the Romans, the doctrine of the Annunciation of the more nc something.
wanting to me, that the doctrine of the method of the Annunciation of the Roman state than can be held fine.
perfect & TA viderctur. Rcgulari properly and naturally there are so many days.
unity, trivial version of A, are a reminder of the dice. Example :.
Kalends March notatæ are 500 version, which is the fourth consequently.
Regular day of March in four equal. So regular Kalen.
April feptem clear, because the letter g feptimi A. quiav.
ro arbitrary matter to be decided Each regular fed to them.
p EPA rules and flows Solares put in place. If it rich in quantity.
Regular letters are put in place, and the start of the year ,.
as it must, by March, Epaétæ Sunday in the first year solar cycle will be.
Two. But it has been rich in our auétorcm, is to be united, not the binary is ,.
Because there are five rcgulari of February ,.
no, four. According to the regular flue agoόla] IUI.
GA, born out of the Jew € diuifione * "*)% right, that is, from that day.
the bus gathered together by the first of April to the first of December. Regular.
  Rr 3 Kalen7 o s e p h 5o 1 1 1 50 S C A G E R 1.
On April, whereupon the beginning of the year, is only the start. From the gods'.
See day of April, that is, 3o, rclinquuntur 2 through 7, with reality.
April gulari make three rcgulari May. Dics April and Maifimul.
61. diuifa are five of the seven abandon, with that unit.
Innes, that is, when it ruled in April give a single six regular lunij.
So the others. In short it. Serial version vniuscuiufque quota is to be imposed. It.
gives the number of the regulars of the day without root extractions au & frankincense. A fifth of June, which is B.
A. The second version of the two means. vnitatc and the fienfre.
relatives of the fifth of June. .
Eneades CXA £ TMJ) According to the member account pertaining to Lu.

Page 258

years; these, as the first does to the Sun. Enneadecaeteris, he said, with the fumes ini.
Rev. components from 11 March, defines the XX11 ciufdcm. The intcruallum B.
9. Hor to 693 days. 18. O '. .
Υπο μά%) in fuperiori Canon Enneadecacterida from the start.
Matt March, to define in twenty eiufdem. Cycliinci grade year.
111 pit from 1 April. Eleven days, which is the excess of the Sun implementation.
on April fourth. It follows the year of the first Enncadecaeteridis.
Matt on March 1. And yet a year, for the first time we have said, to begin with a xxiii.
Martij. So abundant ynus time in the cycle. Why grade year.
Mutilanda day one, the chronicles of the 353. This is, as is done, only the UA; {δμlu ^.
Our computer íuíegς call Faltum moon. And where menfe.
be done to him, it becomes so,, than he is our God is in the account of the great teaches. However.
All are ridiculous. The truth is that Enncadecactcridc c.
must settle EwV% μlu do. Neither humane year orbit incomplete.
is to be the nature of, such as defeétiuus among the Jews, whom the others of the industry.
mutilate no longer just be seen, but it faepiùs transfer.
The new moons, tifrum said, that the need is made, or him for that year, where fa is & a must.
tranflatio, or fequentis, middle of the road, or even in what has gone before, fig.
So it requires. .
Mλ μόνον 5 \ / x5) Nouemdecies 354 days 26, 67 are made Sednouem.
8 million 354, 876, 444, made 673 2. 2 3. discussing z 3 • 6 days.
444. Only difpendium time it comes from a neglected art appendices.
minutes. But what is to this end Enneadecaeterida menfibusem.
bolimis 67 days to 26, interuenicnte Embolifmo the seven men D.
fium, that is, 1 O 2 days, 693 days to be 5? Indeed 693 6 talker.
While it was. Nor is this said by the fates. The days of 6939, præterho.
r 16. 59 5. Enneadecaeteride are subject menfes / axoy% fiuego, 1 of 4 :.
the cavity 111 only. But in the reason for this very reason all of us Computatores fu.
broke it, and their ignorance of the Annunciation of the Jewish people and of the whole of true Enneadecaeteridis.
IIazga / uu ®) is the start of the Easter menfis O & greedy March ,.
V the end of April. Not even after the this side of the O & despise of March, the, nor beyond it.
• »quintamD Succeeding E N 500 A r. E P O R T 1000 1000 V 51 B. 7. 7 5 i.
•.
It was the fifth of March limits moons Paschal advance.
in reality, as long as the Aequi should furnish & embark on hæfis in xxi of March, the country in which such emergency.
Constant bus boats. Today vfquc to 27 Februarijcitimum.
menfem can be established, and the old Nifanius, take plenty month.
things. Between the pellet, and last month, Easter interieéti.
there are six days. So, taking both terms are made nine days. This.
including the interval is calling for παχαλον μία, of course, that it was within these limits the con.
fistant XIX moon Enneadecaeteridos Easter. .
Υπά xoi3%) * Hebraei'araggda just have to be less civic ;.
δα Tlw awaz {DV dvoiv σοιββατιν, so too does the Easter cycle.
What you ^ ^ zwiggo auviuiiooi, xVe / xx% ημíegς & yoμικά IIdago.Nam.
If the term Easter Sunday falls dissunditur next day ,.
Β and the audio will be transferred to the Sunday refurreétionis neighbors be.
is applied so that the dάςασιμον IIOO in XXI menfis the Easter celebration.
masses. In xvii canonc FIFTH BOOK sub nominc Clement anointed 5.
aj§zmg & ρόμοι μ% Iεσαίων ἐοςτα% y. } Εμία & E xowoiia fiui Nui ago; AJR * ;.
πελεύωται Β, ά αυτω τύ φύφον, if voμίζεοῦ ἐπίελᾶν, ότως τω%.
Z6 $ Ja guilty aump $ ^ c, d w% € € ίας ἀπέχουσύμοι, υμάς ό φυλαοπετε.
cix2122; τ'ιω ίτημίαιον τ: οτ'w * iapiyji; & Egς, Ju; yiaa, D4 / Rigg. eixd g).
% 3% d \ xgre Pjur and is ac * $ ©, irmgärte, yo; eixag ag & της σελήnc.
ότως μλ Oud & íríg4 ISSA) legal taoraysoxowd% \ * XZM σελήns. B.
z αὐ γούκ ἀγsig iavrjiatroxirap & P & GIS 3% IIøøα i ^ Q & A.
íuígg iogrdragępta) 3 xwe / e J / GJazidoiuo, juieyj i ^ and we / al.
x ¥, μόνη. \.
Kdwowo ulov) Kowoita uός the new moon nearest the distance, the days were.
XXIX, as we saw last canon. Kawowa you must pellet and reality.
motissimæ Sunday refurreétionis are thirty dies, the XXII Mar.
tiV to twenty April, with both ends comprehcnfo, Peccariautem.
In this rule may be, τῆ παοαμῆσαι, ἀ τὸ σιωςμῖσά and.
Indeed τῆ τ; οςμῖάσά that once occurred faepiùs cycle VIII and XIX ,.
Easter Sunday was celebrated XX and XXI of March. awep / fjyd Au.
Likewise flue owajja and sin when Easter is celebrated in the end of mankind.
it happened that, in France, in the year 577. In fact, St. Gregory writes from the Turonenfis.
14 roosters passover kept Kai. May, when the Sunday version of.
C. It was also a limit set in the year. d. fourteen Kai. May.
Thus the year; Easter was celebrated with a 5 undoubtedly terms.
mo himself are first year perfecutionis Diocletianea, and other faepiùs no.
taui. Even μετεμῆσσει found wanting, like the time when the claim.
Oh, and the phase will transfer to a day after the seven were not as often.
The border may impinge on Saturday. You have not the rare examples are expressed in playing the guitar.
so that the Easter of Hippolytus, and among the Vietorinus. See what the ipfum.
Rrr Cano7 52 4 1 1 o s e p h o e Sc A 50 1 R 1.
Canons of Hippolytus which are not, are disregarded. »A.
Kegrd%% * wa end.) After Fidelity fcquitur agâáó & μάod®.
ipfas inuestigandi phase i ^ waters, zra? daßaai, W% tia3. For two CA.


Page 259


which is calling for the right of inquiry: one for the entrance of the iciunij, which finistrum.
Thus, he says that finistra the wheels pofuit as altcrum right ,.
that is, farthest away from him into the hand of the left and right side of the writing of the Wheel. But.
This connection must be invested was because of chartae.Vo.
honored are two canons as they are called by that fact, Finistere and.
right. Example takes fifteen years to cycle the moon. For year ,.
this writing, 613 3 account orbit, diuifa through 28, and 19 are left.
quit the year of the first cycle of the sun, moon quintumdccimum cycle. In.
? Table, which fuprapofuimus, over fifteen years serse orbit, cc.
In the second part of the Easter term running April 1, to the region.
for the participation of the ipfarum is to be the unity of the Kalends of. April. That was the year of the first;.
the mouse, the Sun, the Sun's 7. epactorum, therefore, that year is called: from the land of the gods, it was.
παχ% v%. For the day of the week, they gathered together, therefore, is assumed to Ipfa. The border.
it falls on a Sunday, and therefore στάθαοις facienda in c.
& So was the day. Therefore, in propofitus phase VIII was celebrated in April.
This is what he wants. and does not need the interpretation of. For they are the same.
In Canonium. So confident attention to finistro canonc whether the line.
nal cycle starts from the nineteenth year, that year is still running XIX ,.
vfque in March, which began in the nineteenth year of the first, you have to V1.
ther verfu Canonij right foot. Finistri along the line of annual Canonij.
of fasting, pertains to the method of the going in, but the line to the right, however, of the Canon.
XIII Nifanius method, and x Tifie. These lines, fiuc vcrfus yourfcif vol.
σελίδα cat. .
* N4auò, d \ xdt /;) On the other hand Canonij eiufdem devices, e.
the country of the fifteen years of the moon, you have menfem September the name of the Roman, &.
His τοπούα xx fequenti σελιδίω. So in xxi September that year.
x tifrum fell. If you want to know yet how small a feptimanæ to him, there is agreement, conclude in the.
EPA & τοπαιαν she insisted Sunday VII & aego® the force. aggregated; 4 c.
See, for seven years. May the power of the day, anno xxi day of the week it remains to him, in harmony with his.
September. However © zïëîpy is this method. D. For Agoötélæ Ipfa coan
On Monday there were no because it was dútax%%.
Aτὸ σιωαγομέρων τασόν Χ.) To law. .
ha | ki, we talk about that exam Ia ^ 3) This Canonionin Ecclefia Christianity.
place to have a na denies Maximus replied: but in the Studiofus the grace of fe il.
They bear witness to the words appofuisse iv τα σεκατ'u3 ig3dpè μωὸς & τε.
Άάς μάλλον ἐς αύτω γορά ($ 8 re άτω αυτολον) δεye% Japóp ;.
GE dyyoá ὐ δ * i% ^ & W x Olov φηλομα9αας. Apparct temporcD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. 7. 75 3.
A maximum of this day, and it was not a great reason, but yet I was once.
In some observation was apparent from Menologio Gentile. For the ad.
Matt August is easily and J338 J oWrJ * 3 *, O4% v τςοο} άμε.
Σ Θαῖ58 loa * 8. Antioch the same calendar diemTlul ,.
that is, September, and marked: loio 1 "x2 * ot> loco: A% & aysso.
Άισμὸ 3 Zaza ie IgA ;. To xx v 1 1 Thoth Elkupti to write :.
5 = y. \} <. • § j) \. & Αχέλισμός Zαχλgis from $ 1 »awe. But xx v 1.
Thoth is xx x 1 September. This obviously show that day.
in the Eastern observed. Thus it is said, by the Jews, however, the tenth of the tifrum.
Rippur, the greatest iAaTuę. Chryfostomus out in his homily.
"Birth of John the Baptist, the Jews have Metellita. Moreover, there is.
** ~ * FYP, that is, ox'wo7n) {{do.quod false est.Nam ox'ωοτηχ a doubt.
tadecima, it is not the tenth of the tifrum. This is the tenth tifrum on Thursday, after i.
the Canon A 500 v. For if Kippurim Friday, or the head.
if, on Wednesday. that the false witness, as you have in the account of the Jewish people. .
+ N443 p. 3; τῆς ἀγαλων η% EU) belongs to this intervention has finistrum.
Canon xi $ *?) M ** € yo & aa, about quadragefimam, which radiation.
fpeétatur at the end of a year paschalc conclusion. Therefore.
When it comes to Easter term quæfitus year Monday XT termination.
Quadragefimam find out in the immediately preceding x 1 1 1 F & ill.
cet cubits: from the country of the month February, the day of his 111 & 1 you have. The goal.
100 conclude τςοόδας four and epaétas λιακας seventh. Aggregate.
Divide the first day fifteen 7. The upshot is that, because of σωζμίίωσιν things.
Oh, and it tends to despise the fact that the $, X 1 February. However, he won three times.
Take away from him for a term of 63 mi-num Septuagefimae Easter, or.
36 for the term quadragefimam.
AA% E / S & μόρον ἐ6) A method epaétarum Monday inuestiganda.
Rum. Propofitum cycle of the moon in x duet subtract binary.
The remaining thirty diuifa gives epaétam. Be propofitus year.
X 1 1 1 i produetus the cycle of eleven two weakening adopted.
the bus, he gives two things on behalf of EPA & tis & diuifis of the moon by means of thirty.
IIojcdu $ δύο j) off a two unity. Why? Because.
Munday other epaétis dad method is necessary, as the Mcthodum terms.
my Easter. since the time of Christ, the High monk.
sacta was two days ago μῆσαις σελίωσύ%.
A τοειαία τάς σελήνη6.) Adcptus EPA & Monday as the sum of days.
from the first of April, on the day propofitus inclufiue alertness epaétas.
Divide that amount by 29 or 59. It remains to tοεῖσα%, ἐ.
orexfins, that is, to speak Our computer age for Monday.
Since ordered to begin on the first of April, this argument has been.


Page 260


the start of the year Ecclefiastica Constantinople whose Canonifmi A.
are the penultimate and last March. In fact, what fraction Moon is in her of Genesis:.
agaphseij March, the plates are epactorum moon. What will be the last week, CAE.
épacte Sunday will be his year. It is not, therefore, epaétæ Solares, or Lu.
the nose, begin with the premiss, in September. The fate of the guitar.
a dream that, after the Passover that in which they begin to cycle. Terms of Quadragefi.
mæ still are in the previous year cycles. In the 64o Christmas.
sti starts up its year of 641 Greeks, on September ,.
The year also serse 63 3 5 Moony, who has two adopted ought to be diminished.
the bus, and it gives 19 6 1 3 3. diuifa a fifteen-year cycle of the moon. But the ad.
The cycle will start running here x 1 1 1 1. For fifteen fequente in March. Vo.
lo know the age of the moon, or, as we shall he speaks, τω τοειωσω τῆς σελ% B.
vii; on the Kalends of September at diéti of the year 64o, which was, at the beginning of 641.
rich in Greek language. According which is near annotauimus, EPA.
And flows of the moon had two. From the first day. March to August.
1 85. inclufiuc are throwing epaétas two. The sum of 187 late.
out of 29. X have advanced to Monday. Therefore year 64o, Ka.
lend.Septemb. x age of the moon. This is a moon of the tenth. U.
na new things that people think, in the XXI August 11, that is true.
At that time, began the year 61 3 5 aeræ orbit, the cycle of the moon.
rat xvii. Epaétæ Monday with a 11 V unit, and the first mcnfis give 9.
i.on Jn Isaac breathed his last on behalf of the moon. ~. .
Xao Aiox ητΙωά ^ ta) these years by Diocletian Indiétiones bu C.
settlement. Z 2 are to be multiplied by 15, which alertness Catholic 1 3 &.
Further Indiétionis year running. Fifteen years and two duets twice ,.
produce; 3 a. Matt xafioXixd and XL 111 years Indiétionis running.
27. What happens to the previous fummam lasts for years to Diocletian.
3, 57, from his first reign, the year of Christ 641, which was.
'3 1 Heraclij Empire. India and urged peraéta for take z 2 2 3 and fic.
forward. What is the reason fubinepta it. Namhodie, if I choose to.
to do this, to me, is a way for them infistenda, if the number of indiétiones from the Grand.
Monk derived, I do not know? Wherefore do ye, nonbeneImperatores for the government thereof.
to think that indiétiones not appofitum, ask how old stock quotes are indiétionis.
We are years away from Christ; 2 Top. D. gives the rest of it for fifteen diuife
We indiétionem imperial running from A.D. VIII Kal. O & account.
From this, the year of Christ 1596, dcduétis; 2, throughout the rest of the gods.
uifum gives 85 indiétiones tactical absolute, and in addition, an x.
from the Kal.Septembris eiufdem of the year 1596 as to whether the head of his indiótionis 85 ,.
If this is our dire Panegyri the first five years was constant.
nianum the year Heraclij 3 1, it was 14 indiétionis year.
2 of those multiplied by 21 indiétiones unto him his fifteen, which.
  •. he added.
 500 out of 1000 E 1000 E N T E P O R T A 500 V 1000 50 1 E. 7. 7 5 5.
From adding a falling indiétionis 14 years, and in addition, x% x ^ Matt ,.
The interval from the beginning of Diocletian, to wit, in the first five years.
the daughter of Constantine the same road and had come to the year of the propofitum; 52.
Diocletian.
Regiéus, τας ἐποικίας) This is part of Canon conclusion. Namin.
Diocletian menfium years in the Egyptian system can only spend.
: they have one Diocletianea dropping in Egypt and Christians Koptipe.
culiaris it. It was inferred from the method epacts, in which.
The biggest this writing, on September Moon were caterpillars.
mam. Let us see whether the same as obtained by this method. Received.
dæ are epaétae Diocletiancæ and unity for them to be added only slightly.
B is the rule that must be taken further if Aoyta / a $ uu and, finally, how many there are.
menfes gyptiaco odd numbers, so many days you please. Antecedent.
Canon taught for 19 years under Diocletian diuifa give cyclumLunæ.
Easter is true. But the father of a cycle, as we have seen, he begins to tan.
Then the menfe praise. Yet why the initial years of Diocletian.
epaéta seeks old, with a fresh start with the. diuifis; 57 years.
Diocletiani through 19, there remains a fifteen year cycle to begin on Easter ve.
fequenti matter. It is still running x 3 cycle. 4. epacta quibusad.
from the perpetual rule of the unity, he καθολικ'ω, and also was a unity, proThoth ,.
He EF prime menfe. They are produced together with force. Seven new.
4. fever coincide with Thoth. So tοπωα% Thoth, that is, when the fourth.
100 {Compofita the Moon gives a tenth of that previously.
Kαι τὸ ἄμου άγμ'ιωδ) touched upon this book 1 1 1, also on the computer.
Aethiopicus. When menfes are τειακονάμεθ9 all components, such as in El.
kupti, & Æthiopico, not the number of menfes there are, so many Regulars of assumun.
tur components, such as the Romans, from March menfibus: but how many menfes an odd one.
numbers, that is, half menfium.Hinc is that the Ethiopian year.
pico, menfis has a matquê in the same parts of weight, tell me, in which the im.
a pair of antecedents. Then one day sooner has an odd fequens matque. Yes.
The two menfes same cycle that has happened to the rim. .
E £ r§ Xao Adair) Third account pertaining to the Catholic Church.
season. Surprisingly, our delusions. For those who are the year of Christ.
500 641 61 3 sets in; serse fuse (it should be in the bottom 61 3 5) with the same thing.


Page 261


be less disturbing reasons. For this year, work has been Heraclij.
61 41 whom he was 61; ; Or 61 3 5, if we think of two.
years, because of the method vtriufque gray. Everything that at all.
this dudó) are explained, it is not they are of no account.
Hμ £ eg. * £ 5 3oudá \ @) He said that Christ was conceived and born in the year.
5oi 5, the day of conception Matt March to make a creative, E..
 natallSz 5 6 1 1 S e p h o s c 50 1 A G E R L
V xx December birthday on Wednesday. This can happen, for example, A.
necefîàrio that can be compared to the periods of Iulianae the year 4711, the cycle of Sa.
the litigation, vii, in the year of Actium, 29, into the which he conferred on the birthday of ipfum fitting that the Master.
teat. The idea that almost all old. However, this is merely a hall.
cinatio. For a manner now the air side, which has been rich cyclosorum.
Us x 1 1 1, The Sunday version of 500 100 Replace fcquitur τω ημί and ν g.
&% Λισμέ, the twenty March, was Thursday, the day aw.
Likewise birthday I feptimi when fuifle 47 13 year period.
Julian, who is the birthday of Christ, which contributes Dionyfius from.
Bus. So wonderful delusion. .
Hμάeg: o e ἐσομασ \ @ y ') of Christ Baptist week 3. for example force Iand.
rij is the third day of the week, the Sun cycle of the letter B. was a part in the Sunday will be D. Therefore,
or 3, or X 1 1 1 1, Iulian year period, or 4735, or 47 46.Sed.
47 3 5 Dionyfij in Christ productive atmosphere, or have been only.
1. military xx 1 that is absurd. But year to year 47 46 Paf.
Fiona. Thus, Christ was baptized and suffered the same year that.
& Ipfum is absurd. It is also false, cycle fourteen on Sunday.
Compute side had the letter D. The Sunday has, for instance.
B Kai. Sept A letter from the Kalen.Ian. And because of the BA.
ptifmi the week fexta. .
E%; o fi fe J ^% IH σελης ό% e) Interbaptifmum and passion.
1 interlace interval of 111 years, Reet, and although inadvertently.
fententiam of mind. The cycle of Sunday XT serse East has had a lawsuit C.
Ram 500 from September, to 100 by January. Eiufdem fifth cycle.
refpondet sixteen suspended in the phase cycle Dionyfiano that year yourfcif Bio.
nyfius & they want to, the suffering Christ of ours is brief. However, neither of which are requisite.
driennium to take part from the baptifmo, to the Passion of Christ.
Em z ^ £) of our Lord, to work Heraclij year ,.
indiétione Xm, sets the age of 63 3.At year Dionyfianus 64o.
Seven years, says little. Why should I do the Ethiopians, who had the year.
Of Christ Dionyfianum 1584, they thought that 1577, so that the place where we have shown that :. fuo
doing so in this case since the beginning of putantab 55oi years ago for Christmas.
right. Next, they want to adapt to the æræ Easter Season. 7 less so.
say. This Studiofis of this particular procedure, while le D.
Gent years in the Eastern world, whether they are years away from dropping in the East.
such an atmosphere of Easter, and if the air side, whether complete or.
the seven years to be truncated. For Ethiopia since 1584, the year of Christ Pu.
7 O77 royalists from the beginning, it was still 7 O84 from dropping in the Orient.
li, which was the only acknowledge the Ethiopians, shall be and they call the ARM. c v.
άπλοχσμόν όδόν. .
Ilae, daßdgê íí ìåìxtìóyo) everything that is out of adjustment and the Indian gods.
 cit aegroD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. 7. 57%.
Denying, patients are fomno. In addition, a new law Indiétionum.
{Ancium. Christ is born in the same year (the year of birth 55oi the.
Oriental atmosphere) was a prolific épiler Indiétionem eleven.
gifmum old world, namely 5 5oi throughout diuifa others.
Xi, Augustus had set up its Indictione XI 1. What do.
indiétio these things, the nature of which we have never been in the universe? Christ was born ,.
Dionyf productive year period Iulianae 4713, Indiétio quarter.
and He began from September of that year made, but not to the lndictio x 1, or to twelve. This.
that they are unworthy to be refuted. Formation of Indiétionum.
under Augustus was not the only one he trifles with. This too Our of my fever and the Latins.
la tempted, for example, may not see them on the computer. Cedrenus however.
SO writes about the times Theodofij: Ev & τις η τε ἀγ τ) Oxvu7itiJ ay.
diríaá Towssyv2 / 3, ίτις έ τετάαετῆ χάνον ἐπετελά%. ii33a? δ η ειαύτη τα.
y02 w / 3, 6τε Mdvaoriis led AJ} * »£ 5 & £ xoiA and ἐφυλαίεβ μᾶς τῆς λg.
z; DV% $ usyd esodooie and J £% w »g% μὰ α INAIKTOI» g%.
Pope Xaj Avy & A Kaiaap® and are a TI; > Gχῆς ἀν3. From A & tiaca loser.
Syria then seized grin. And in this, too, was Constantine haerefibus.
Porphyrogénète: Ato δ ακρύψειε καλεύε Axtis & τας καλεμέρας.
1); iiijasT & xaai. & Ta) yeg Hatz ^ 1 ^ 45e / %% INAIKTiON ,.
* JR 'άυ Ιατίων, η τά? Axtio way. OA and the "gxi) μὰ Iνόκτιόν λτὸ τςό.
της, έ κα% λήγά μάχά ἐ ie, e ^ Ta / W and W% 44% G, 9 digχζ) Xai T * ® *); d) ?.
* Τὸ aYt & Woy auûzpzo /%% / IA: Avy & gt; Karapas jiix * and E * 3 ".
100 This is an entirely shifting the bedrooms. Aetium victory of the year in 4684.
Julian period. Diuifa throughout gives quarter, bringing Indiétionem.
tem together with the first of Aetium, Thoth, fiquidem that was true? tom.
Augustus of the levy was unaffected. Cedrenus elsewhere from August.
τ & ev τὰ σατάω ίτά α} iv) x £ i iraoï3naav, $? Bias3 pr. appeals.
fibi. For the first year of A and James, supra, this is ongoing. But out.
Bifèxto it is more tolerable, than that which Chryfostomus Homily of his birthday.


Page 262

 For the first time, no one had ever apace.
have been to terminate the running it is the hour, as of days and the night, by means of which the sun.
bidding and Aequin & Tia able to learn because Iobo diet is: It is not.
I tell whether / flaws running $ Olu, Sec. Then fubiicit this mystery.
500 midsummer eiufque knowledge of God delayed for a year Tiberij no.
Art. Then it can be the ninth year of Tiberius Caefare time curfumque.
The moon gathered after finding the IP / a day oótauo day O & Hypsioma.
a aquinoäium, Sec. That prince to be allocated fairly.
uentiam Bifexti, as amended yourfcif Bifextum two Letters March ,.
Cenforino & c o s s.
IIegi 3 x3 'TOV Zaxapiá0 * nuatio UA) John the Baptist.
æquinoétio autumn necessarily considered to be clearly said Chryfosto.
  {{S} $ • mt.
..
758 1 o s e p £ 1 S C A G E R i i 50
mouse, which then begin to give up the night and the day, and under it, A.
John, some must be diminished, as was Christ, those merits are cref.
Ceres. The entire text, which tend to it, of which the part of the beak above the traditional.
Mud, these are: acts of ßnt the first time this year Tiberij.
Ce / arts, menfe $ eptembri, O & O and overwhelm the ancestors of the first and beginning of the Moon.
vndecima, when it was clear that the Jews fast / éemopegiæ celebrare.Tunc.
• After the ninth year Tiberius Ca / Moon were collected at the time of curfumque :.
€ 5 found as ipfas on the eighth day of February odiobrium being here.
noäie, which is the beginning of moäù greater than grove. For lllum Oh.
that it might bear to grow, he said, but I must become less important. Also, Ambrofius in the beginning.
X 11 is not fully telling the difference to repeat the need for conception.
At the end of John than the incremcntis Christ, and dccr p.
John's mind. At these words will Chryfostomus year after year.
the conception of John, was it a year by Tiberius, and do not have a C.Iulii Cæfarea.
and d. So was also O & John the Baptist the years have fallen ill.
Tiberij command. But that on the day of the Kippurim, fine on the tenth tifier.
John Leah conceived, and will have it, and bring some to reason, Zechariah, the father.
John Bishop was smoke and progressive progressive entry.
Rum incenfum Deo done once a year unless they have not won it.
which is the tenth of the tifrum. Jerome, too, to the monk Rusticus.
John the Baptist was the son of the Pope writes. But it was the pie.
be lightly, Ex * A * £ i4Museia it, and when he had finished his native role ,.
He returned to his native country. C.
M'u'5 x% Pœuœj & ς Σείμ £ e /% *) If Christ was born in 55oi ,.
John 55oo the concept, cyclo 2 1 Sunday, Monday 9 productive.
East account reason, in the period Iulianae 4712, cyclosorum.
Us v1 1 1, Moon, XIX, which will coincide with the year 55oo serse Branch.
lis.Proinde XXVII September to Saturday. But here said Thursday.
Then it is false, that year was the tenth of September 27 tifrum, Fed.
fequente year; Oh, and who was the grandfather of the period of the fifth Alexandria cycle.
At first Dionyfiano that year vicefimafeptima Scptembris was a weekday.
and fruitful, and not the fifth day, as he wants to. But Christ was born, is productive.
Dionyf Matt December, and the cycle of the Moon. Among the con.
John's reception and Christmas Day were present to draw from Ps.
assesses. You see absurditatem.Sed Chryfostomus not Matt, but Matt.
Septcmbris tenth tifrum to say, no eleven birthday ,.
which they begin, he said, and the Jews to fast. Therefore, it was the tenth of the XXIII: where they are.
Κalendarium Athens and the Greek decide conceptionemIo.
Hanna. John, however, the same said, was born at the full moon, I mean, Lu.
na fifteenth. If the moon XXIV September Decima, fane XXIV.
Decima was the eighth of June in the moon, it is not quintadccima. .
 T} $ d E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 E. 7. 7 59.
A. To gui $ * $ &% loasse tος) If Matt was the 1 1 September.
ma tifrum », therefore, xx 1 1 1 1 Iune, in birthday of John, in which it is laid down, out of the.
rat xv the Moon, so that gathereth not with Chryfostomus: and the result of this is the Cause.
youngsters birthday, the old lights and a full moon happen, for He is now.
pas was not, as in the Gospel, and generally solstice in his life.
John, "said AAA 1000 2 c. Pagan touches that and.
yet in many areas of law. The words of his: Though he saith to copy and meß *.
frumeutariæ, then it is found to be the world's first $ olfiitium ,.
John is born to, when, on the day which they call the LA 1000 P A 500 E 1000.
Although this is the birthday of John, they have no knowledge.
the description of the end of June in menfis of antiquity there negligendam.In: Lam.
Bpas Ceres symbolizes the ripening wheat. Therefore menfis June to the end.
was depicted with a torch. Notes are Avgkoja), who watch and day.
John's birthday today, they should reflect the nations. My.
Aquitaine Latin word somewhat detorto C A T A's, that is, the torch p.
n call lamps, also called time Chryfostomi.
Africa, from the time of the year is still standing upon the same, and these plates are a Muhammedano.
cendunt, a custom Christians have left tcstim Joan. Lion.
in sua Africa. However eiufmodi lampadas 7rvgxaids prevents the canon.
50 x V with a shovel. τές άν τεύς τεμωσις ύzo 'τύων τςὸ ἀoixeiayäpyctcn.
Eloy h οίκων αὐαῖομ $ ίας Ἀvgxaiâs, dς έ άτεgdλλεσαιτιες κατα τί »gxoüoy.
a hai ^ ngöav, xaí rapó10 3, Sec.

Page 263


100 on begging too Indulfi meet with allegories, still refer to the old things.
they must be destroyed, such as those Circumcifas So Iohammes Kalcnd.
Julia, that is, Oota that, when it comes to mobility, as shown, that is ,.
He / ecundum law 65 prophetic it was conceived, which was ;.
50 and the P r o p h e t se, they will move away from the Jews. Although a non-violent.
allegory, as is all the other things in this The homily, however, touches on the method in the.
Quilinus migrants Kal.Quintilibus that we have in law, & c.
the better life of Mars: Oh, the shame of day before the Kalends of July, fourth, to which an antiquity of ger.
main reason is that, as a metaphor and as fubiicit: $ ed and time characteristics.
if, when John was born, quotempore field has a knife / Cindie ;.
Oh woman had come prepared. Where men /? devised by new settlers.
500 farmers yield failures fcilicet pristimis board confçriptionù (Qu4.
Old damaged frames), the new law is the new cultvribus reported. Like.
allegory, he said, must be debuifle Christ jyeuo.
V & ofiG Kvg'wia for kv2 /% had started playing at K & ow.
& Kvgfiwoy that Quirimus the Romans. in the same respect can not the wise men.
admit that it's conception in March menfe ;.
For Prouerbium you go P v e r e n c a 1 1 1000 1000 1000 Pr EN.
From the 1000's E R T O. Atquc of these things, cenfeat any fashion that it will be seen. Al.
SSS: legoriae 1% 6o e p h o s s c a 1 1 50 G E R 1.
legoriæ, indeed, they are better suited to the minds of the Bible: A. to the assiciendos
Gi. Ca We are, indeed, only to the nature of the times, we seek, that is required by.
in the time of the hang, it may not allegories, or interpretations of, that is.
rather pertiaent to mold the life, rather than to do with our daily dc.
Amendment season Munition.
Hμά29. J \ * ἐσομασ @ W) Of course, XT 1 1 Cycle Sunday serse east.
Roman letters had departed from the Dominican Kai. Scptembris. 500 VC.
to a Kai. Jan. And so the assertion is not true, what he says, this is to dispose it 29 Au.
I have been intense third. There has been a fair feptimi, 553 3 air.
Syria. So for this reason suffered a fruitful year.
ciufdem serse 34, 55, as he touches supra.
Xe% y 2gáuris & όμές) for three hundred years and more posterior B.
Most of these óudς χ & όγων, which are known from nearly the rule.
the supporters of the people of Constantinople, who in this case are placed at the back, of Constantine.
the seventh, and the citizens of Rome; of which times of the day hang they are not held, because it is under.
Chronology written to them this is the year of more than 96o, Ali.
2 O 3, after many years of work Heraclij year. The version we instantly.
have judged that this account was written before the age of 6oo, either.
more. For best known for charaeter. After veroincidi.
In the last of these two commanders mouse, then you are really and from old books.
We have decided differently. And so, the computer the most, from where it has Eclo.
gas received the written more or less at the age of 636. The total aw.
once these things do not, indeed, a chronology tem is speaking the truth, except perhaps they are in c.
later Emperours. And like twins Frederick.
Sylburgius the end Zofimi.
`II®) £ of $ j}> /) periods, as everyone knows is, she is.
In both be fired combined cycle, that is 5 years old; 2. However, the gods.
ucrfà the tops of the diuerfa also constitute periods. True is the period ,.
vtriufque cycle begins from the head, which is: what are these which I have the period of.
By Julian 53 z diuifa leaves. For the whole period of the year.
798 Oh consisting of fifteen these smaller periods. This year.
63 o 9 53 2. Divide the remaining year of the current 457 periodoxii.
The period of the Dionyfiana from these, he dissert, that it is not from both cycle and, fed.
, from the solar and lunar ongoing begins. I will speak of, and periods, which D. produces
Rum is mcntio decide. For some of the truths that are Star. .
T V 50 A B ------.
V ,.
5 1 1 1 i i i
  /;.
500 E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. B. V 1000 50 1 5 2. 61%.
T.A B 5 50 1 N A L N E REDI 500 1] [Numa, [O] thirty 1. x | x c twenty, C 1 | c eighty.
Ch DWARF A R R E S A N • O l1.
A M A R A 5 M.
    1 z] t |, || | | ||.
SUMMARY OF charaeter diagram of an || T 1 | | J; a 7 | 5 | 3 | !.
Arab criterion for military and sway. Hdve || TTIT? T6T] at £ * | 17 | 3.
ro is, so that you know them to, and the quotient is done, and the year || Ïttts T $ T] T $ T | T | T3T £ {-; -.
The treasury Map of the Arab nations. || NT || T | 7 | T T T | T | IGT | T4T.
In addition, the abiice fummam du IV T 7 | 3 [Ut | t | AT | IAT Iteta.
centers and ten. When refiduo, that || 1 v 1. I4I | 1 | 7T t, t | I5t] 1 | T6T.
|| does not become greater, indeed, out of the two hundred & 5 1 1 R || i || 6] A | T || 7 | T5T | T3T.
AEM, or less than that, get into || ** || ° || 4 | * || 7 | 3 | 3 [2.
This tablet. Gathered together and take (years) | _ _ _ || 3 | '' ° || 4 | * || 7 | 5.
from the extension, the length of expanfa || ". || 7] | 3] 'l °. | 4 | .
theo fiquidem fefiduum of my lifetime, and to || **'ll '. 1 3 | . 4 ° l l l l 7.
FIN my X1 1 1 || * || 7 | 5 | 3 | i || 6.
Rum & expanfa fin less when the 3:71 1 1 || 7 | 5T] § | t | 3 | Tai - * -.
Panf. Take it. Whatever it was discovered] | * J * | J | 3 | I_ | _ ° _ | _4_ | _ _.
      2. 7 10 5 4 3 1 $ 6.


Page 264


] Warrant, ipfe is charaeter of that year. AG || % V \ i] TS | AT | T 7 | 5 | 3T | tit.
gregatim it was charaeter menfis, employment || XVII | I3I | 1 | T3 | Ä | 3 | 7 | T; T.
íunque vis.Quod if the more than | [1 10 x || 7 || 3ia [1] [3] IAIIIÉT.
the seven, and casts off from him seventh. Refiduum, | | Seventy || 5 | 3 | 1 | I3II AI | 1 | T7T.
fiquidem has been the seven, or less than another, ipfa || Rev. |. * || 7 | 3 | 3 | i || 3 | I3T.
EFE weekday entrance menfis, Σx m | J 7 | 5 | 3 || i || 6 || 4 | Iteta.
 Matt || 4 | 2 | 7 | I5I | 3 | 1 | T6T.
FABVLATDIAGRAMMATISTGHATI [xxiv || 5 || 9 || 4. | * || 7 | 3 || 3 50.
A RACr vM mensivm Arabvm. 20 V 6 4 _2._ || 7 5 3; -.
MaJaFamuTTzepharu | Rabie prior || £: ||% | ° 1 | * || 7 | 5.
> * 1 1 i l i 27 || 7. || _5_ | _3_ | _I_ | 6. || _4_ 1 _ 2.
-; - 1 - - ;: 28 || 3 1 _3_ || 1 δTI AT | T2T -, -.
(Rabies poster. Giumadju prob., Giumadju pofle. 29 ||. || 7T | I5I | I3T | 1 | TG [tat.
- i 1 • 20 5 7 10 6 4 2. tf T -, -.
(Regebas Sahabanu | (Ramadhamw.
1 1 1 1 i i V.
53} evvalXT] 7) hulkaadathi.] Ohulhagiathi /.
SSS 37 62 IO S E P E A H1 Sc A 50 1 1.


100, CUS JU, NUoCegge lo SOS.
   If the I & Cºl from J.
esº, o lo sº himself, he ºsº J o 3 out of 5 RZ ,.
lºcºrsº out of the Jº Eti: taken criticism.
le from Gol, 8, albosº ºrºborº lels likel o e.
We osigle, eoº Oº ºº ºº sº l 'Lil lclè out.
oleºsºJºsloºoººo08 zlº lilelel i.
le ease out, the bºrso ºlè 5 | | z.
coleil.Sbc clessàeº º e lo le le.
  e | Ceº.
Jºelee colºè, Leº cs * See Cºl.
gºl out, ex.li ºlais o e 3. |.
o se il clºerº the SL3 ºese T
èºGrººº.
344), from sºlº Uº.
-.
C.
      1 | 3 °.
    . s ºs: A (9 Jº.
ºl Neº) e ss out Jº zº.
v NY, 2 O 2. 2 N o v e a la ".
9; ºrº Jºe if "if =.
so o e le.
Asia JSS). ssº 3S & EE.
 25.
I - o l g of rº.
Give Êº CºJ O | & A =.
8 & Ceº by S =.
e.
CP.
St.
a.
Ufae.
TAED O N N E 1000 E 500 N. W p o R v 1000 Li b. 7. Z6 ,.

C & A when the Julian. Away from the perpetual rule.
* N o t n c o £ 1 1000 1000 V P V T H E G A 1 AR.
1000 5 H A 1 500 1000 1000 E St.
1 A G R A 1000 1000 A periochae.) Arabifmum praefentia the other red.
circumstances there can not. It might be Latin: Diagramma the container, are highly prized.
Besides old Arab. .
guotes / IT year) in Arabifimo, ία γάς τω τοτταίαν ἐἐ ἐAegáy. That is, the IAE γὰς τοςόν ἐός ἐγ Aeg% Y & R. . •.
where the numbers have tumbled) or in what numbers occurred.
Explained the method by which the end of the day, but never MUHA.
Ram can detect. Year, or in a purely are Collect, or expanfi.
Bpure or mixed colle6ti & expanfi. Collect purely as eighty c.
Then take the next smallest number of radiation. It is the CL relies.
XXX in which a string of numbers. Oc 50 XXX coming down out of the region of the A c.
running angle is common, and it charaeter 3. expanfa unconditionally, for example.
Matt Matt region 1 1 1. The wire is known under Oh, in the corner of the commons.
5. if you have a mixed, for example c sixty 1. Take the next number on the front.
I CL less than 1 XT rest of the thread. The common angle occur.
rit Canon and still command 5. Now, in order, we have received many year is called Hegira.
from the quibufdam Tables, Alfonfinis, for instance, or according to the Table agree.
bounteous years of book 1 1 1 1. This year, be an example of Christ.
1596. I want to know Christ quotient Hegira year propofitus start ,.
62 2 from the current year. In the years have [o: aTBAGTGTAS.
  I V wr *. IA. 631. 63. 33 O 46.
Lian 974 release and no restitution before July 1 t XT: | j] £ ;: # 334T3.
the year, according to the Table of agreement should, indeed, those who are made of the anus.
if the Arabic language independent ioo3. 334.6 days, definers.
intersecting occafu Sunday fifteen day of July. Defunt O 3 days dnno Moon foo4.
absolving. 1 year of the Hegira O O4 defines occafu day in the sun.
x 1 1 1 1 August, on feptimi varying: 5 and He will start amnus 1oo.
He turned to grovel XV, on the first day. The risk that the canon. Top.
All of Ioo O 2 1 5 165 years, remain close to my number.
nor on the front c 1, refide fifteen thread. In the corner common occurred.
1) unity, that is, on the first day, as was propofitum. In vain, however, from.
Tables Alfonfinis indagabitur holiday of Muharram. Or quotient of them.
hegirae less exposed. From the Canon quota MUHA week.
mm. Doom Characters of the year, you will have the rest of the menfium cha cha.
raéteres. Add unity, which is charaeter this year to rule.
the Ramadhan, namely v. I have a sixth, when it will start.
the new moon of Ramadhan. This mounts the April of the year 1597. So this guide.
The table, which we hebdomaticam call 2 1o years, never.
 . Quam7 ss 4 1 64 1 e p h o s s c a 50 1 G E R L
How wrong. Martin is a noble knight Baumgartem the Raitenbach A.
Germany writes in fuo Itinerary, Muhammedanos year at home.
Nicol 1 5o8 Ianuarijieiunasse the Moon, the third Februarijfuif.
fe celebrated their Passover. Schevval of the new moon on February 1 1 1 ,.
Thursday, cycloSolis v double version of BA. Therefore, must necessarily Mu '.
HARRIS preceding year together with the Moon May 1 5o7. Ah.
iectis 6 z 2, they remain independent of the year Julian 885, on which they agree.
Absolute Hegira year 91 2, dies 64, sixteen of July. Her day 64.
1 Lulij back from fifteen years reckoned definunt x 111 diéti May 1 5o7, weekday.


Page 265

 The proindc Muharram.
of the year 91; begins Thursday, May XIII. Let us see whether promises the same CA.
no. Abieétis all z i 1 o 9 3 7 3 remanet year period Iaab B.
domadicae. The number of the next smaller in the front of the Lx: with a thread of rcliq.
X 111. The common angle 5. Therefore the fifth day of the beginning of MUHA.
ram of the year 91;: so that there was a propofitum. Charaeter the same charaeter.
I will take up the fifth Schevval compofito gives: so that he was telling the horse of Ger.
of the hand, of February, third prize. Traétoriis Mirelmaumenim again to Rc.
GIS Morocco and Fcssae year of 1594 is a fine read, "g3Jj \.
B) • G; $ 5 $ j \ * $ Dhikadathi in posterior (ie, Dhulkadathi) m.
fecundo (above the mill cow) in the fourth (Monday.) In 1594 Capitani.
nus 1 O O 3 Hcgirae on Wednesday, Scptembris V1, the second tifrum lu.
Daicus 5; 55. Dhulhagiathi VIII Augustus, last week v.Ergo Dhilka Question
dathi Scila 1111, as he was propofitum. Ignorance about the charaéteris.
year are not to leuitcr the sins are committed. At first it was necessary ARA years.
bicorum knowledge of those who are against the Turks & Sarracenicis & tant.qua.
Julian 's are the years in a matter of turning them, in Arabic, that I have done these.
fuperioribus excmplis the mouse, and the Arabic Iulianos.vt this.
Examples: The Turkish Sultan Selim died on feptimi Schevval year.
92 6 Hegirae, as reported in the Annals of Turcicis. The Tabulacon.
sion in years collcétis years, founds find an præcife years.
Arabicos completed 9 z 5. Because they are found praecifè, accipepro.
This is mainly under 861. 2, 39. 4 '. DC 92 5 63 1 14. detraéti to leave.
1. In 56 years, you do not find praecifè cxpanfisTabulæ harmony. D.
I assume just under 62 3o9. 531, with fupcrioribus 861.
2 39. 4 'together compofiti compound hegirae 92 years 4.194.57'.Dc.
9 2 5 there be equal to the year 159. 3 days. I say that a capitc Hegira.
Arabicos 9 years have infiltrated the z 194. 4. 57 '. Z 5 and 9 years with the county.
plendo defies Day 1 59, two of sixteen reckoned defincnt July 2 at z Ten.
Bris., and 2; December 9 x 6 year pact, which has 86 stages. Microwave.
He began on Friday, as habcs sub numero frontal be, and Matt widely ,.
actually, from 500 N 500 E 1000 E 1000 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 E. 7. »6 ;.
Cagliari. I want to know who fits the year of the beginning of the year Hegira.
In recent years, Arab 86 1. 92 6. 2 39. 4 '. c Map agreement should coincide.
62. 836. In recent years, however, the years of emperor Julian the absolute; O 9.5; 1, Julian years.
61. Total: 897. add years to Julian epoch Juliana hegirae ,.
621annosabsolutos. Christ become independent Dionyfiani 1518, Sec.
Moreover dies that fuperfunt from Kal.Ianuarij, one sixteenth of July. So whether aid.
no Christicurrente 1519, a head Hegira, the sixteenth of July, was a stream of years.
Arabicos 9 days 24, 194, 57 '. Moon December seized Muharram.
9, 6, on the force. So it began the day 2 3 Decembris.Namca force cycle.
Sunday XVI, XIX Monday. Maps of agreement or the agreement coal.
norurn. Schevval decimusa the moon of Muharram, he went west.
B 2 O fequentis 15 years, weekday force. Schevval fell into the moon.
John August, cyclo Sunday xvii.ProindeSelim died in Arkansas 1 5 1 Oh ,.
September xx. In the annals Turcicis, St. John Levvnclauio dessert.
and the tie, can times per year, menfes and the Hegira branding.
5 ill be fed from a learned man, no matter where they are in fč.
honey can speak truth. Or it can digest ;.
Pandeéte fuo Turcicæ of the history of wel known, by which is in the has left us, in the end.
Sultan Amurathe documents concerning induced when Emperor Rudol.
those doing so have been written: On the first day of January next menfis ,.
year of 1%, which is above the grace and divine assistance ,.
1 584, which will be a great year tranfmigrationù our Prophet, / supra.
100 quemfit Grace / alu / that diuima, 991 on viceßmafeptima / acres Lu.
Oehler Silchidze. But it is the beginning of the year 1584, the year incurred.
Hegirae 991. But first of January fuissc Matt Dhilhagiathi, that example.
ro deny. Indeed, he was Matt, not Matt. Dhilhagiathi last ,.
The Turk, and which they call the Silchidze, there has been 111 January in the. Muharram 99.
fourth of January, was Saturday, Sunday cycle XXV. 2 was a 13 year period.
hebdomadicam. C 50 in the frontal and side 2, habcs Feria 7. In ta.
Bula years old Concordia hegirae gathered together and the next smallest.
94o. 3. O 2 ', refpondet 912 years of absolute Julian also expanfa instead.
This is mainly the least of 5o, 179. 17 ', 49. The sum of the year :. Julian and absolute;
Arabic 99o years. 182, 37, 961 years of Julian, which adieéta Epo.
Cha p 621, it makes absolute Dionyfianos year 1582, vfquc In one sixteenth.
fifty. 1 year, then 58; the current flow from the Hegira year 99o ;.
z 18 days. 37. Defunt in 991 Arabian absolving dies 171. 2 3'.qui.
The third day of January 1584, a sixteen Lulij definunt reckoned that year.
99, starts was Saturday doubt on the fourth of January starts neom.
99 2. Otherwise, the first day of Muharram fiia ficaepisset, Dhilhagia either.
Silchidze against the O 3, and the year was embolimaeus that ipfis gods.
ment & »* * <= v But the remaining fufpc & A ing to the moon.
mcnfe ,; 66.

Page 266


menfe. The year marked by Christ, and all, as a single word, A.
& Yo3 & 8ai.Neque doubt that he is an educated man from a impofitum.
terprete, Quifque was he. In the book of Martin Crufij the φιλόλλω & ,.
things are of good grain to fullness, thus, I was reading recently: we are induced moua OAO animorum.
Among Imp. Rudolph, 657urcorum 'King. Amurathe attend ing m.
begin / ecunda Schevval day, month, year 984. This Turcici Prophet.
EFI, Kai. Chrijii of January in the year 1576. But that it's constant.
tinopoli a learned man sent a no exact fate old system.
The starting end. Table agreement years gathered together and the nearest small.
Arab ones 94o. :. . Oh, absolutely coincide 91 years Julian z. Again.
Arab expanfa years, the next smallest 3. 6 43. 1 O 'match.
Julian was 42 years and become independent Arabic 983. io6. 26 '' or p.
954. Julian freed if he made an epoch of Muhammedis Juliana.
n Julian, 1575. Therefore, the year 1576 from the current sixteen Iulijcurre.
6. 2 days I kept 6'de in 984 Hegira. Defunt 984 in rain.
z give 47 days; 4 'because XT 1 Lulij be reckoned with definunt x 1x Martijan.
of March 1577. Why a year of the year, on the Moon, had not the Christ, and He began to hegira 985.
STI 577. In Table 1 hebdomadicam under twenty frontal and lateral V xx.
You have to stay in areal 985 ineuntis.Caepit Thursday of Muharram.
then on Sunday xx1 Martij5 cycle XVI 1, Moon. Why grade.
menfis defines on March twenty and thirty days of the year Üäénuâgg.
That which you have will make a one-fifth instead of muha of lateral fi e the country of the XXV.
Ram 985 from the region V xx have feptimi condition of Muharram c.
984. Thus, Schevval pact was Saturday, 1 December twenty day of the year.
1 576, cyclo Sunday xvii. Accordingly, xxiii of December, there was a fertile soil.
Schevval. At the first of January in the year 1 577 x 2 occurred after day.
Schevval. Then for 11 Schevval read X11. For the year 1576, were discouraged.
1 577 spin let him Studiofi numbers appofitum annisHe.
He turned in the annals Turcicis. All the mendofi. No doubt.
Levvnclauium, if he lived cörreéturum fuisse.Prae behest of friends.
Besides, the same Doctor writes a 1 in 58; Where the e Constantinople.
to phase Muhammedicae fell into fifth, sixth, seventh Octobris. This.
The false. The year was 991 Hegira, 1 51 stages. Under the frontal c 50 and LA.
terali 1, to hit third. Accordingly, the third day of the week was & Schevval, O D.
And October, VIII, only a cycle, luna vii. And then Behiram, fine Paf.
Cha Muhammedicae peels, Arkansas 1 year propofitus 583 Rurfus.
In some Diplomate Mirelmumenin King Morocco to read: Qs.
! "• l • *« «. On Wednesday meeting in vicefimum Rabie later ,.
noningcntcfimo nonagefimo feptimo year. From 997 ABIC and tie all..
• _ • busd Succeeding E N 500 A r. E P O R T 1000 1000 V 50 1 E. 7. z 6 ».
Abus Zif, remanet of the year 157. Under the of the frontal 1 5o, from the region of the lateral z.
you have a condition will the first in a corner of the common, which came with charaeter.
Rabie Rabie of the latter gives the force of will make a new moon to its new moon.
Therefore vicefimum was a Wednesday, so it was propofitum. began to Mu.
Charros that the Tenth of November, 1588, the first Sunday cycle.
Matt February in the year 1 589 vicefimum Rabie appropriate for the post.
rior. The reason sure that the end of this Table hebdomadicam year.
rum, will not be able to get at the hegira, it is clear from the examples of yourselves, which brought with us. .
IPorro Æra hegirae called "SAS ')« 5 »Jg14) Q>} • • JA />.
Arab orthodox atmosphere, the O Hegira. For be officially approved.
Bvocant, Christians and Jews & M <>]], Rcfractarios, it infects.
ciatores.
More liable to take the table out of the A rm v M. ME nsese. Ε G's IEzD 1 R D.
Q **.
«.
os).
GXsl.
Sahami.
There.
Caguts.
JaratsT.
AMahich.
caerichi.
G <).
"; /»].
c $ £) •.
; μέλ • Marcass%.
caeheli.
AMariri.
J s |, Je.
"3)} \.
q3J9.
<5 ^ ".
Harvvatfis.
% Wavves / art.
Hori.
• 2fusterika.
 her) ;.
e \ "&] s" Js.
Phrudin menfis 3.
caedarpahaßht.
7/26 /? // $.
Hardad table.
you are• /•.
e '•%.

Thir menfis.
A4ardad menfis ,.
$ Cheharizmás.
) • • £.
E \ "© 0].
e \ ^) s].
AMehar table.
Abam table.
Adar on the table.
E '• g>.
E \ • and • a.
k \. • A '').
100 & j].
[Behemenmenfi ,.
_.
Di menfe.
Asshädarmen /].
Elvvahak. _._.
: 1.
1 1 1 1 1 t 1V V either.
4 5 [67] 1 [2] 2.
6,7] 1 | 2 | 3 [4.
6.
[.
5.
7.
1 2.
5.
; .
7}.
7,?.
7;.
2.
4 2 || 3.
6 1 '.' Slal;.
• ----- ~ ._-.
 In this brick containing menfes Armenia and bear.
Arabs atmosphere of Armenia is 3 ^ GO] QJ ^ ° JSJ a) \ ;.
Y Ρ, a $ C304 άποχὴ ἐγ AG £ pi "uti; KW dgxj * jc / siâvêrsa; dviy..
%.
ÆIâ7 68. E p h o s s c a 1 1 50 1 G E R L
!.
Iezdegird air has been called Gegg » '&% \ J U» jJJ a) S A.
<S> AEJ '] Æra bear later called Iezdegir.
shackle. Have years of apricot, or Iezdegirdicos. Divide PCR.
seventh. If remanferit united, that year is called the third man begins with the day of the week. If.
two remain, begins on Wednesday. But if these three, the starting day of the week but that.
xa. And thus forward. This is the number literal in front.
1. bricks 11, 111, Sec. Example. Be propofitus year arms.
upper jaw with remains, and the year, or the perfor 845. Abieétis feptenariis.
The fifth. In fronte of V.

Page 267


Phrurdin. On the other hand, however, King of Kent, or the month Adar, pahascht you have a fé.
s name; a creative and their menfium. And so the method can not be in need of B.
prompter. This year, Arkansas 1 596, a day of September 1111, e.
Syria feptimi. I want to know at what age apricot, so either i.
menfis appropriate time stock quotes day how many days propofitum. For years.
Away from the Armenian 552 years of unbroken rule by the year of Christ.
STI running, instead of dropping in Perfica abiice 63 2. The remancbunt an item.
if the end of the epoch of Julian Armeniaca a ninth day of July, a day.
Now lunij for 16 years Iezdegird. 1596 deducted from 5 to 52 ,.
1 Ho, 44. Julian and absolute; they remain of the year, by which the refpondet from Ta.
Bula many years æquabilcs agreement with dicbus 2 61. Therefore.
261 days of the year Armenia io45 flowed from the lx July, from which ,.
to this day, September 4 with 2 inclufiue days were 58, 61, c.
3 are made every 19 days, that is, this was a 19 menfis Vndecimi.
Armenia NAW A S A R i diuifa io45 through the seven stays.
The year fertilizing week Armeniacus. The front has bricks.
fes 2. fubter in a descending order, I make for you out of the land of the Navvafàri three times.
situations. On Tuesday it was then fifteen, and hence the nineteenth Saturday ,.
that was propofitum. I want to confer again propofitus day, the fourth.
both of September, in the years menfes and the Iczdegird.Ab.
ie about 2 and 63 years, has run in the year 1596, fuperfunt year.
Julian freed 964, a sixteen year June 63 Z, by the same sixteen lu.
Nij praefentia the year 1596. Now, 964 years lulianis react to.
tidem years uniform days z 41. From then on June 1 XT 500 ,.
63 2 years at this same year 1596, the year drew level.
964 diefque excelled z Rurfus a XVI June 41, the quarter itself.
ptembris inclufiue, the days were 81. The sum, days will come; z 2, that is, force.
cefima second menfis vndecimi Perfarum to say whether Behemen.
if that is falling Iezdegirdici 965. diuifa 965 for seven years, fuperest sex.
frankincense year week. Under the of the frontal force, deorfum out of the regione Be.
hcmen, habcs was Saturday. But if ncomcnia Bchemen was a weekday.
7, 500 E Em E N T E P O R T A 500 V 1000 50 1 E. 7. 769.
1 v 1, the same day xx 1 1 eiufdem.
this year we compctcbat 1596 XX 1 1 Behemen year Iézdegird ,.
965. Moreover, "I will have Armenij suppose years in the care of the time.
RC Christian and offspring are more often, it appears, in æquabilivfi.
ing menfibufque old. They now use in Julian, since se.
Ecclefiae Roman fubiecerunt. In fact, the present day of the Armenians, vul.
was alarming to these menfes times of the ancients was entirely ignorant of: that I am not an expert, with the.
this matter about throughout them from the Massilia. In addition, we were Com.
Why 4 September.
and unadulterated to the menfes Julian, to the angels, times of the ancients, was described, in which the.
rum, perhaps, do not know the names of all from yourselves unless beyond doétioribus, or Eo.
clefiasticis.
5 50 B A A A A 1000 G P E R N AE 1 500 o i
P O R T 1 100 AE.
Oh oh 27 54 8 1 1 8 1 35 1 62 189 2 1 6 2 4 3 27 O 297.
I [G_1 [6; C_5 | D_3] E 2] G_7] B_6 | C_4] D_3 [F JA 7 [B 5.
2 [ "[G 7 | 6] 100 4 | 500 3 | And 7 F [B_ 6 | 4 100 | P 3ig F1 | A 7.
3 | E 3] F 2 | 7 G | B a 6 ic 4 | E 3, F 1 [A G 7 [B_ 5 | C_4 [E_2jG F1.
4 [DCTA [ET; [FTI] GT7 [BATS [DTZ] and [F 1] AG 7 [bi5 [Dia [ET.
5 [BT5 [DCIA [ETS | FT] GIT7 | CBI5 DTA, and [FTAGI3T5 | D ;.
6 [AI7] bi5 [DCIA] and.] FT | AI3 [CBI5] DTA] and FIGBAI3 | CT ;.
7 [GTI [AT3 | Bt3 | DCTA [and] GT | AI6 | CBTRl DAY AND GT | baths.
8] FET?] GTi [AT6 | bi5 | DCI3 [ft. [GI7 | AI6] CB 5 DTS and FIA'GT7.
9 | DT, [FET, | GTi] ATT3 | BTT, | EDT3 [FT || G 7 | ATAC aitj I.
1 O | CT5 | 500 3 | FE [7 G | A 6 | 4 100 | Ed 3; F | 3 7 3 8 C4 £ | £ 3.
B 6 1 1 l] 100 4 | 500 3] E _a] GI7] B_6] 100. 4 | E DI3 [F1 | G B_5 7 | 600 4.
1 1 | AGT7 [BT6 ​​| CIA] DT3 [feti | AT7 | BT5 | CTA] EDI3 FTI [AT7] B 1 ;.
1 3 \ ft] AGT7 [BT}] GTA [DT3] GFT] AT7] bi5 [GIA] ED3 [GT] Ato.
1 4 | AND} | FTI [AGT7 [5T5 | CTA [ete [GFTi | at | bi5 | CTA | Fe 3] GT ;.
1 5 [DTA] et. | FT | AGT7] BC [DTA [ET] GF 1 | A_6] _5 B | D_3] E 2.
CB 1 1 6 5] 500. 4 | B »IF 1] AG_6] C_5 | 500. 3 | 1 2 E [GF 7 | AI6 [CI5 [DT3.
17 [AI3 | CBI5 [DT3 | EII [FT] BAI3 | CT5 | DT3 [E_x [GF7 | bt € | CTA.
1 8 [GTi | $ UPI] CBIBIDT3 | AND] GT7] Bat3 [CTA [DT3 | EI [7. | Bt3.
, | Ftti] GT7] ATT3 [100 bt4] 500 [3 FTEIGI 7 | BA 6] Question 4 | 500 3 [F_ [7..
'O | EDIBIFTE | GT7 [AI6 | CBTA] ETB [FT] GT7 [3] CIA [ET3 [FT;.
1 1 1 4 100 | E 500 3 | F1 G 7 | A 6] 500 4 | _3 E] [F 1 | 7 9 | B. 5 [500, 4 | EI2:.
»» [BT6 ​​| CTA] EDT3 [FT] GT7 | RBT] DCIA [ET. | FIIATö [CB 5 | DTA.
»; [ATIBT5 | CTA] EDT3 [FT] AT7 [BTI5 | DCIA] EI?] GTi | AT6'CBT;.
1 4 [GFTi [A 7 | B 5 IC 4 | e ZL 1 G 1 A 3] = B 5 | 600 3 | F | G 75 ¢.
1 5 [E. 2 [1 GF [A_ 6 [B__5 [D__3] FE A [G 1 | A 6] B 5] ED: £ F2 GI7.
6 [Dia [and [GFT] AI6ICTA] 502 3 | FET3 [GT7 [AT6 | CIA] ed 3, FT ;.
;; | à-55-5lÉilgF5l5i | c lblfE.lä, l5löiíB:.
Ttt NEVRVZ2 7 O.
S e p h o s c a 1 1 50 1 G E R L
4.
Į.
T.
E.
F.
E.
F.
E.
F.
E.
F.
E.
F.
E.
F.
E.
F.
E.
F.
E.
F.
E.
F.
E.
F.
E.
1.
T.
1.
.
§.
".
l.
from.
s.
s.
'.
;.
'.
O.
'.
.
.
?.
|.
O.
|.
|.
|.
|.
o.
|.
from.
|.
from.
|.
|.
O.
s.
s.
|.
O.
|.
....
|.
l.
from.
s.
ă.
|.
from.
|.
<.
l.
O.
s.
ť.
l.
from.
l.
O.
l.
from.
O.
".
|.
F.
i.
o.
s.
o.
Ţ.

Page 268

Ã.
R.
Þ.
with.
with.
with.
with.
with.
with.
with.
with.
with.
|.
}.
].
].
|.
|.
}.
|.
}.
|.
}.
|.
}.
|.
}.
|.
$.
|.
\.
with.
|.
}.
|.
}.
|.
}.
|.
}.
|.
}.
|.
}.
|.
}.
|.
}.
|.
}.
|.
}.
|.
|.
..
}.
|.
|.
..
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.

..
!.
(.
F.
F.
F.
F.
F.
F.
F.
F.
F.
F.
F.
F.
F.
F.
F.
".
|.
+.
|.
|.
|.
+.
|.
|.
|.
+.
|.
º.
F.
F.
|.
º.
|.

$.
|.
№.
į.
į.
C.
).
with.
ı.
..
<.
Q.
with.
and.
³.
|.
³.
|.
/.
G.
|.
<.
|.
C.
about.
{.
....
..
|.
with.
|.
|.
about.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
5.
|.
|.
4.
.
l.
about.
l.
about.
|.
with.
ì.
l.
about.
|.
....
|.
....
with.
ã.
l.
C.
and.
|.
<.
|.
C.
|.
#.
|.
and.
'.
about.
l.
e.
and.
!.
<.
!.
l.
a.
4.
|.
º.
|.
|.
|.
|.
+.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
+.
|.
|.
|.
+.
|.
|.
|.
+.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
+.
|.
º.
|.
}.
|.
|.
-.
|.
+.
*.
|.
<.
|.
C.
|.
....
].
ā.
l.
about.
l.
º.
|.
<.
with.
².
¸.
at.
|.
and.
|.
b.
|.
and.
|.
|.
about.
|.
.
.
.
|.
|.
and.
l.
ã.
l.
and.
l.
º.
l.
about.
|.
with.
and.
to.
about.
l.
and.
º.
l.
e.
.
l.
and.
l.
º.
§.
•.
•.
".
|.
".
).
;.
[.
^.
|.
*.
~.
|.
~.
|.
~.
|.
~.
|.
~.
|.
°.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
Ì.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
Ì.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
É.
}.
*.
|.
!.
.
*.
|.
).
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
+.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
3.
|.
|.
1.
|.
|.
5th
\.
about.
º.
with.
with.
º.
with.
º.
|.
º.
|.
|.
|.
+.
|.
|.
|.
|.
~.
|.
~.
|.
y.
|.
~.
|.
~.
|.
~.
|.
y.
|.
~.
|.
~.
|.
~.
|.
º.
|.
|.
-.
|.
+.
|.
y.
|.
~.
*.
| * ||||| 3 |||||||||||||||||| Ì Ì |||||||| ||||||||||| J || | l | # |. | ...}}.
*.
[.
....
].
with.
with.
and.
|.
<.
|.
C.
|.
º.
|.
n.
|.
about.
|.
....
|.
#.
|.
....
|.
|.
and.
l.
and.
l.
².
].
<.
¸.
about.
|.
....
with.
l.
about.
l.
º.
|.
<.
|.
about.
|.
and.
|.
n.
|.
about.
|.
}.
|.
about.
-.
}.
C.
N.
F.
F.
F.
F.
F.
F.
F.
º.
with.
º.
|.
|.
|.
|.
(.
~.
I.
I.
I.
+.
\.
..
^.
{.
\.
C.
about.
|.
►.
|.
►.
►.
•.
•.
•.
º.
s.
*.
|.
*.
|.
}.
].
].
].
].
].
].
].
].
].
].
}.
}.
with.
'.
about.
'.
|.
|.
5.
|.
m.
|.
n.
|.
about.
F.
F.
e.
l.
Ç.
º.
about.
with.
C.
n.
|.
<.
∞.
||.
....
'.
Q.
'.
'.
Q.
'.
'.
and.
'.
<.
'.
.
.
.
'.
:.
'.
ABOUT.
ABOUT.
'.
<.
'.
Q.
'.
).
||.
....
[A].
'.
ABOUT.
with.
º.
n.
|.
<.
<.
".
G.
º.
'.
with.
and.
and.
|.
G.
|.
C.
|.
º.
n.
'.
G.
º.
!.
!.
....
#.
|.
with.
with.
with.
with.
with.
with.
with.
with.
with.
with.
|.
".
|.
'.
..
'.
|.
'.
..
'.
|.
].
].
'.
'.
'.
|.
'.
'.
|.
'.
'.
|.
'.
'.
'.
[.
|.
].
?.
|.
°.
•.
«.
^.
<.
N.
<.
!.
and.
l.
·.
l.
e.
with.
º.
l.
and.
about.
l.
and.
with.
ť.
!.
.
with.
at.
with.
º.
§.
|.
e.
l.
.
with.
l.
about.
l.
and.
!.
<.
[.
$.
'.
and.
'.
and.
'.
about.
C.
about.
[.
Q.
D.
·.
l.
a.
Þ.
>.
".
~.
|.
°.
►.
4.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
".
|.
|.
|.
|.
·.
with.
-.
1.
·.
with.
-.
|.
-.
|.
«.
N.
|.
|.
º.
with.
·.
·.
ABOUT.
º.
|.
*.
|.
~.
|.
e.
|.
from.
|.
and.
|.
b.
|.
....
|.
#.
|.
.
.
.
|.
....
|.
with.
with.
|.
<.
|.
C.
|.
.
.
.
with.
l.
about.
l.
º.
|.
<.
with.
about.
l.
D.
l.
and.
l.
about.
with.
l.
about.
|.
.
.
.
|.
....
with.
ä.
>.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
+.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
+.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
+.
|.
|.
|.
+.
|.
|.
|.
+.
|.

Â.
|.
T.
|.
_.
{.
I.
I.
I.
}.
).
\.
with.
?.
(.
\.
[.
\.
[.
'.
..
'.
].
].
'.
).
;.
....
with.
l.
about.
l.
º.
|.
<.
with.
ë.
|.
and.
|.
and.
|.
b.
|.
j.
|.
e.
|.
.
.
.
|.
|.
and.
l.
ã.
l.
and.
l.
º.
l.
about.
|.
.
.
.
and.
l.
and.
l.
about.
with.
|.
|.
about.
|.
....
|.
....
Q.
!.
!.
:.
\.
from.
|.
|.
F.
F.
F.
F.
F.
F.
F.
F.
F.
F.
F.
F.
F.
F.
F.
F.
F.
F.
F.
F.
F.
F.
F.
F.
F.
F.
F.
º.
l.
and.
with.
ı.
l.
with.
l.
and.
e.
l.
l.
º.
!.
.
!.
.
!.
.
!.
.
!.
.
!.
.
!.
.
!.
.
!.
.
!.
§.
|.
0.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.


Page 269


|.
from.
'.
from.
l.
O.
F.
F.
|.
O.
|.
....
|.
from.
l.
ă.
|.
|.
|.
|.
from.
|.
ż.
|.
from.
l.
O.
from.
l.
ă.
|.
.
.
.
|.
from.
s.
o.
l.
·.
l.
Oh.
·.
s.
s.
o.
R.
R.
o.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
|.
+.
|.

O.
l.
=.
<.
s.
o.
l.
u.
from.
l.
O.
s.
O.
|.
....
|.
....
|.
ă.
|.
from.
|.
z.
|.
c.
s.
|.
from.
ļ.
O.
l.
from.
faith '.
l.
l.
from.
l.
from.
from.
l.
•.
|.

~.
~.
~.
.
<.
+.
T.
^.
\.
c.
F.
â.
T.
G.
W.
T.
G.
T.
E.
T.
T.
O.
E.
R.
T.
R.
Ē.
T.
Â.
5.
O.
T.
R.
O.
E.
T.
E.
N.
T.
O.
F.
F.
;.
+.
.
5.
O.
T.
Ī.
St.
►.
►.
►.
►.
►.
►.
►.
►.
►.
►.
~.
~.
~.
~.
~.
~.
~.
~.
~.
.
Hole, which ipfas no.
Even the Emperor threatens astronomy. I do not dare penny.
Sea or a bear period of damage to its institutions is a cause for doubt.
double.
lOIllnm.
lbus called J> <JJJ A) 5.
•.
a <?.
.
A G E 50 50 AE M.
Astrologorum dropping in recent rogue.
1 N T A v B 50 A M.
JS = | J & J • 9.
"Ala!".
RA RA Gelalaea today by the Arab.
V, 500 E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 E. 7. 771.
A double Also today, the first day bear Phrurdin eiufque ho.
ms intervals have £ •) = ° Aove ** J noted before.
J board / 2i and also that we have in the Arab schedis be.
Rio Gelalæam 2 years sham 59. But if any would be.
riod types of institutions, and the founders of this, then the other would be from this a verdant fane.
Lesson 2 59 years old, and it can be for a number of years.
There is no way four. For the year Savannas are hours and momen.
ta appenfü, less than a quarter of Julian & ipfa Bifèxtum Julian.
they ruin the world for several years. And so, the period of the Tropica ,.
whatever it shall be defined in Julian biscxtili so on.
PCO performs the function fuum this bifextum kill. Therefore, necessarily.
you should call to be a period of years old, the number of which is made of which the íumma.
three. Here, however, the number is four. In addition, if the PE.
riod can be constituted by 2 59 years old, and four of those years.
Rum will be periods, namely O 3 1 6 years old, in which eight bifexta.
lost 2 59. Now that the two periods of the year when bifextis tropics.
must be feptenarij. io3 6 is an even number feptenarius. However.
Julian bifextis eight out of ten years and tie withdrawn, leaving BI.
fexta Tropica z 51 stop in years 1 and 2 O 3 6 5 1 does not exist.
feptenarius the number of: 1 Ho, nor was it with feptenario; 6 compofito seventh.
nose will. It may be decided that a period of 2 years 59.
The frantic Gelalæos remove the detected 27 years old ho.
r stopped minutes and appendices. Therefore vicefies 27 four times.
consign five days, which makes a total of 648, which is a very beautiful e.
riod but without taking away of the nature of Tropica, to be restored to, in the world :.
which will be done in a way Alfonfini year. For in the first 4o 2 of the year.
bifèxta expunge the three things. That is, if the basis of them ,.
two years for defaming. So 4oo with 97 Compofita be counted.
feptenarius. And so, indeed, the advantages of the period of some of them they have made a po.
test; but which, however, is not able to be adapted to the year of the Credo.
In fact, it is certain that in the time of Christ 's æquinoétium I should have been in the XXII Mar.
tiV. But two considerations, moreover, require the founders of the years of of Nice are, so that the Aequi should furnish.
500 and the test is done on xx March 1 in Constantine, and our tartar in xi.
March Julian. The three items together can not be guaranteed period of a year.
 Rum 4oo. Or for a head of Christ texenda years, and its ad.
We should have been continued, either from our own tartar back retexenda. In the prior ca.
LEES OF WINE at x, this whole matter of the period of the 11 of March and made him æquinoétium fu ,.
vfque 16ÓI the year of Christ, where four stages of the day, John E.
pocha aequinoctijs Christ, that is, they detract from Matt. At the other side, ca.
fu period unwoven never æquinoétium fistet back into the XXI Mar.
 Ttt tiV 2 77 2 1 1 e p h o s s c a 50 1 G E R 1.
tiV, faecula Nice, but in xx which is contrary propofitum, either by A.
pothefim. Make risk. It ipfa talks. We tablet stages.
Gelalææ have constructed, in which the letter in the Sunday tropics, ap.
pofuere in Nice for a head serse Christ Dionyfianae. From LA.
grind marks Numeraries add, albeit with some rcgulari.
you can set up period. For example, if Gelalæos through the years.
648 diuiferis, when there are more than 648, and the entry in.
The front side of the board and do, where they will meet familiar zero, for example.
The people talking, adiunges of radiation instead of the regular 4. You should make.
Phrurdin Gelala at noon, his holy-days. From the years of Christ charged.
the rule of abiice of radiation io78 for a perpetual one. Along with all the entry.
Make the board. The year of 1596 is now deducted io78, p ,.
there remains a year, Gelalæus 5 8 entering the noon day æquinoótialis. C.
Instruct the next smallest number in fronte 513 for five from the rest.
side.

Page 270


Compofita, abieétis the seven, gives the third condition will Phrurdin, from the red wine.
Tell us the third Friday at noon Quarter 5 is a wine.
on the ninth day of March in the glow of flour. But this method can be fixed.
The narrowest. And other Epochas able to accommodate this period.
Hipparchus performed æquinoótium Wednesday from rising or.
No period of Julian 4568: that is, from 18 noon hour of the third day. And.
This year, 174 2 from the observation there. Abieótis all 648 ,.
the rest of the 446 in the front, 43 z, and from the side of the 14, in a general way angulodant C.
7. where alertness; the rule of God for the continual, abieétis 7, you have that will make a three times.
situations. That is, from the Tuesday noon, in the afternoon quarter St.
quinoétium components, such as the type of Gelalaeo. Also, better and safer method.
At Sunday by a letter from the years of Christ. See quota of 100 joinder.
Maps of the Sunday play. it will be a fair aequinoctijs. Board incident.
100 is the fourth pit G. The letter from G. Therefore, the first year of Christ Dionyf.
no æquinoétium happened on Wednesday, March XXIII. In 3 2 5 Pa.
Nice æquinoétium is twenty three bowls of March 1, on Sunday when.
The Sunday version was C 3 E 4 and the front side of the unity of the communion.
if they stay with the letter C. So a table with the Decree PA.
center. Throw twice by the year 1596, 648 remain; co. In front.
Table 3 to 297, with lateral record in the common room of the letter.
fold GF. Therefore, when it comes to the fifth to F, and 100 have the charge of the Aequi should furnish & ium.
Credo flue Ecclefiastica x 1 March, after days or FAL.
Likewise a day than a year of civil Gelala. But, contrary to the practice.
4oo year period. 1 583 years to throw off all of Christ.
4oo. When the rest of the 38; get on board. that is, when 378.
front and five sides. Room has in common the letter Do.
minicaD from E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 1000 V 50 1 E. 7. 77.
A minicalem A. C. Hence, from which a third has been æquinoétium Tuesday.
From the Sunday version Julian F. Hence, Tuesday at 1 x 1.
Martij. Why 4oo year period, setting the hypothefi fair.
no components in 2 and 3 March in the time of Christ, the Rev. tartar and Ni.
the mud, the year 1583 and forward to the year 16ÓI stand St.
quinoétium xii March. Thus the period of the Gelalæa, as they can not once the gods.
described before, it is very transparent, and many current among men of the same annimo.
While determine the course of days 3 6 5.hor. 5.48. 53 ". 2 O". As a consequence.
Gelalæa respect and Julian becomes hour. Oh. 11. 6 ". 4o." Fane, who is the limit.
PDS year, and other doetè. We are meeting here this table.
fulto rejected, although it is true that book 1 V, the head of.
Gelalaeo ban, and that for this year Nice, which account Gela.
Lea objective. Today, the rogue all the newspapers and Al.
Menichini, Annales, & the rest of eiufmodi note that this year dirigun.
appropriately. So it <! = ^] £ λέ air is astronomical. At the same.
it can be used in any way to our heavenly civil Solari; When the Jews.
Monday, Praefertim founders newspapers. Nor is it from the So.
applying any system is better, not to the Moon Jews. Quantum.
TI is false angles and give him the treacherous detecting æquinoétio ,.
From the observation collationc Hipparchus and Neuruz Finish out.
shown. But it is better myself out to induced by the recent observation of the 's go.
lissimi, doétissimique of Tycho Brahe Dani, the year of Christ.
 Dionyfiano 1584, found that æquinoétium Springtime 3 O 21 hours.
the afternoon of the ninth of March, on fertile soil. Babylon, that would be the day of the week.
z. z 3. 99o. But Gelalæus epilogifmus promises that only z is present. Yo. 678.
so that a half of the day, the reason is escaped from them faltem doet men of valor. But why vc.
his chief lot of other vtriufque Aequin & tiV observations ap.
maintain, and those with Hipparcheis and our heavenly contendan year.
it? In the period 4568 Iulianae Hipparch. æquinoétium observed.
March, 3. 18. He had previously bifextum year, which was the year of Christ.
1 587. argues vtriufque keeping the Tropic of 17 years; 2. day.
14. Hor. 1. 29 '. In the days and hours 173 2. distributed from a well.
Her detract year. O.II. 41 ". 27". 2 4 ".itaque ho happens in 124 years.
500 of the earth,;. . ». 54 ". 48". In 27 years, becomes Agoj o ^ ;. The year of 1586 ;.
5 536 a year for the creation, eight pcriodi greater Gelalææ.
crcatione the past, and in addition, the year 35 1, which are the periods dear.
inoribus absolute XIII. They give what I 2.i. which take from æquinoétio.
Tycho propofitus in the autumn of the year 1586, that is, 3.5.13.rema.
will keep a, 1,4,13.vere was, therefore, æquinoétium confeetus four hours ;.
scruples. i .postmerid. 2 6.O and on the Sunday. Moon lays FERC.
eodemtépore Hicrosolymit 2.5.243.arquinoct.2.4.13.Luna 2 5.143.
Ttt 3 Ta.
* 774 's e p h o 1 1 50 1 S C A G E R 1.
T A B E A AE Q_V 1 50 50 100 T N T E 1 v 2 v sQ y E *.
500 A N N 1 O 1 A B S E R T A 5 1 A B E 1000 10 1 1 C.
A R T 1 ic noble St. Tychoni B R E AH
CT IVM spring ÆQVIN O N A le. AR QVINOCTIVM A VTV 1000 itself.
In `Dan1. No. Dan A. No.
From N 1 Fe this. Ser.
Christ. Martij. | Hor. Scruples. [Tuesday. Hor. Ser. Sept passable Her 1. Scrup. | Ria.


Page 271


From bi s.] 1 584] iXt | 3T5o | xi; 5 10 1 1 1 1 17 17 3 5 O O [E 500 | F
1 5 8 5 | 19 x 3 | 4 4 54 1 1 [1 1 49 | 1 23 14 | 100 E D. ||
1 5 8 6 | 9: 815 x 43 x 1 1 1 1 o | 3 58 | 3 5 1 3 | B | C.
1 5 87 | x || 14 56 | 6 x 6 3 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 14 6 2. 9 l | A | B.
15.88] 1 x | O 1 4 5 17 1 2 2o | x 1 1 [LS 1 1 5 1 5 6 5oi G F | A.
Di £ ta is mostly agree. T scrup. busscntiæ, {Hor. | scruples. B.
5. 49 5 49.
5 49 5 49.
5 1 48 5 48.
5 49 5 49.
The phase 4oo. æquinoét. 5. 7. 9. 1585 m Crat In fact, it was at the beginning of.
of the year of the world 553 5. Abie £ tis, and periods, fuperest 334. whom it is possible.
1. 2. 5, .nimirum from noon feptimi holidays..

50 50 A A A B E AEQVINO | . Observe the subject table.
c 1 W O R T V 1000 5 1000 unless they are sealed and the two Hipparchearum Aequin.
Parchus observed. autumn years, with one third orders.
 lae. {Alexander gods Calippicæ, periods of Julian, a lawsuit c.
£££! Period from. J Ho | He i2 be the Sunday Sec. If the rectum.
Caippis. Julian is 50. | calis._] | Syria: '' [ta. Is. 17 || 4 5 5 2 | B 1 (| | 3 6 13 6 to 9b (eruatio 17 years, so Cbse.
23 | 4353] e 19 | | 3 l8 | 7 9] O 2 years uatio have to be fair 7.o.2 1 | 4 5 5 6 || 500 x] | 1 O [1 6 T • nab.
$ I | 13% |? £ ||? ;; [7? it is in the final versus Tabellc..
53 | 4 5 68 4] [1 1 8 | 1 O.
  .
56 1 4 5 7 1 1 F 7] 1 5 6 14 11 From the observation of Hipparchus profit.
 Only satisfied 6. 18. In 2 1 no.
refpondet observation of reality and from year to year 17. At 3 2 HIPPARCHUS.
7. 12. From the observation of fair warning should have been 17 years ».18.
She calls DXE / άχατω and ipfemet approve highly commended.
dauit, and therefore we have to secure fumes. 3 years; obseruatio.
1. 18. falls on Monday admitted that he was 2. a. Finally, in D.
3 6 5 1 z yourfcif only detects 5. 6. In recent years, sometimes with.
unending watchfulness, and sometimes a very small distance from the difiunétis observances of the cloister.
they say. What cenfeo for several faeculis, whereby the later generations, they are ill.
glad trepidations movement? Now take a break for five observation.
uationem vtriufque Aequin and two in Denmark. What is uniformity among them ?.
I wondered what would HIPPARCHUS yourfcif? I could not do it ,.
quinde E 1000 N 500 E r. T E P O R V 1000 50 1 5 B. 2. 775.
A traducercm that He made them come here, to take it with them, about the time ,.
When writing from the observation Hipparchivernali years; 2 ,.
the observance of the year 1584, the distance between the middle of the year 1739.
equinox Hipparcheum No. 2. 3. 3 6. Give holidays.
codification of the same city of 2. 23. 5. been discussing Hour 3.; 1. Really.
ster, the spring equinox in the year of the civil war, not much different from the truth.
In the autumn, the larger discourse. For concentration Danish more.
3 to 6 years Hipparchea match than the others. From the observation.
Do not, therefore Hipparchea the autumn of the year 36, the year of 1 584, interual.
6. When the sky is entitled to charaeter of z according to the Table 17 of the year in absolute.
2. Tropic year 1, 5, 8. Chart & Adieétus three observations to Hipparcheæ.
E 5, 6, 7. 21. 8. Basque I composed Characters year 1584.
character was No. 7. 16. 5o. Discussing hor.4.18. What.
arguing that it is important for reasons anniciuilis euertens.
 You give. Then we compare their observations to spring Hipparcheæ & Give.
sion agreed fated straight years, from the Tropic of Alfonfinis defined.
5 49.16 365 days, and it Gelalaeo merit of our own. /.
The Ptolomee in observance of 3 years; Mistakes in tj7 άάταγοράφ :.
namely, as well to fight back on behalf of τῆλ.Mirum be among the observances of Autumn.
les of Hipparchus, the three with the vcrnalis all the confentiant.
1 100 O N T V P: 1000 1000 1000 R.o A N v M.
100 1 JULY 1 N A N A L
E N 500 100 100 50 50 1 S O S o e t e p a c t it.
S G) 50 A B A 1 5 1 5 E 100 S O R R E N T N 100 5 5 1 B St.
VO t extant libraries of the ancients of the monasteries, so many auetorem.
'Account, Romans, and many will find the bottom. All anti.
"` Quissimus Beds, from which all subsequent compiiti extended ;.
quæcunq; is said of him could have shown them all to the exhausting of us, there are ca.
Bede, the monk Maximus, by far the vetustioris the doctrine of the Annunciation of the Greeks.
IPaucula, to the Annunciation of the Roman diet that is in it I give and not from us to the Father.
for it is they do, in here, shall we offer, in addition, a new account by reason of the. Agreed.
The cycle of the Sun, therefore, the first part of the account by the Romans, p. His two methods.
ing holidays and Epaétarum Sunday, which Assembling call Corn.
the Romans, the founders of the foul. I make a call τω ποπίσω ἐ ἐάομασ @ ,.
as also of the Gentile talking about this, every week, the first, fertile and possessed three times.
a third week, one day, Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, by whom.
the gods and souls, are the planet's & short season, but not in these plates are from the hours of night. For the name.
the Grecian Jews among the planets is far older than the hours vfu tio a little while ago.
Pcloponncfiaci beginning of the swimming. Now the reason the Ferias of the said most desirable to with.
 Ttt 4, at 6 cm = 77. S.E p H 1 1 O S C A G 50 Ι Ε R 1.
the necessity of your weeks be out in all feriandi no devotes oneself also, this is A.
the reason is that Ecclcfiasticus year begins at Easter. Scptimana Au.
work on the land was free from sin from the time of the Easter Vigil, & its many holidays, vnde with.
For these days, after Easter, holiday, essent the dregs, and the ca of the year the first of the week.


Page 272


For it is the law of Constantine the Great, τd; Ila% αλίας δύο ἐβόομασας.
dagaxrig τελά.τω τε ττὸ ^ 3 IIóga you have usr 'avrd.Non only Hebrew.
weekdays, after the pasch, but also has the start of excepts from the work of the righteous,.
vfus just got back from a week do.Scd. Isa Canon.
Of inTrullo: * Ayia tat, diazoiue Xe / 3 & 8 © & ipjf fiuieg ,.
μ * χει ό καμ% xVe / zxj; t'w 6'Alu íßdoudda & αγίαις ἐκκλησίας χο%.
½% Y6% ^ dog εῖας τάς τά άναλμός έ όμοις έφάπι & ματικῶς. B.
Vtriufqs methoditam, than Epaétarum Sunday the same.
oeio twenty years, and always returns to be, both agreed on fep.
Likewise fingulariis letters A, B, 100, 500, E, F, G discuss this method.
hebdomadicam inuerfo running order of the day. A sign of good cheer, here.
τεχνικός vcrficulus: • ''.
Horace dates horse, Dorus Cane 30ssorus power ,.
The method Epaétarum confequcntiam letters in advance.
As the verficulo this technology.
Afire Vision live in God, Essice Fates steering.
Hebdomadicam end of the cycle, the first holiday Characters, fine letter.
Dominical find any people: this is the Methodus of which, the voices of the spring so that the two C.
FIG Gaudet 's supposed to be in the bottom of the node, digitiindicis Flaccus: the third pitch.
Fairness in the bottom of the knob of the middle finger, Dorus fourth pitch in the bottom of the knob middle finger.
medical fifth Came in the bottom of the knob of his little finger. Two called again.
ces 8 ssores lambs in the midst of a knot index finger. Finally, as in the three knots.
always geminæ of the letter is to be placed the index fingers, and in that of the rest of the fingers.
in every nodes, and so running VICEF O & So was definat the year.
the bottom of the knob of his little finger. The letter indicates the year bifextilem double ,.
In this version of the prior year, in February, Matt, after axxvi.
Of February, to the end of the year, vfurpanda above. Atquc This is the cycle of the sun.
Roman, whose year begins from the first two letters G F or ,.
Flaccus delights in by the voices of the two. Christ always add years to D.
of nine. All through x 8 diuifa give a cycle of Sunday media.
So this is the ninth year of Christ 1596 cycle Sunday jury.
mani. The Sunday version 600. EPA & measurement, fine running 400. ie.
3. 4. At this dual attempt to tile letter So.
minicalem and EPA and insisted Sunday. Epaétæ Sunday cenfeo the order in dispute.
a rare occurrence. The number of the A version, it will be concurrent, fine EPA & xa.
As the year 1596, which was the ninth cycle, concurrcntes are of two types.
D.idD 100 E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 1000 V 50 1 b. 7. »» ».
And D.id is. 4. - - * 100 --Nam I '4 LEARNING AT HOME COM EN cvrro.
For TCR V est N ICAL. YOU S S 1 v E PA.
ness by A * 500 an _CT .sol.
TCM quarter. So ;;; * laaex harvested. MeducusAt.
 No go | | GTTF ËTITÜTI [CTA ΠΓΓέ | T5.
priorescon that pact. ] | 1 3 | _3_ || 4. | 1 | 3 | 4.
ran 3, v £ # $ ETAjJTFT] L] [Efaia | ;.
_ _nodus. | | 5 6 || 7 | 8 5 6 || 7 | 8fürpantur the highest c3l] [DTCITÉ A G δΊ5 | YOU FT | to.
Rescue year, 2 to 6 _nòdus. | | 1 9 1 | 13 | i | I; 9] o 1 1 1 1 1 1 2.
February. We left no | | FT EI-500 100] B A B] 100 500 K.
 dus. _ - '4. 3 1 1 5 | 1 6 1 3 1 4. | 15 1 6.
2 to 4 by 6 FC TMediT | [A CITTEjTT | | Fají | £ | o knots. 1 7 18 1 9 | zo 1 7 8 1 9 | 2 a.
If the Supreme bruarij co | | 100 B | ta -a-i-; 500 E {; TTA.
Bnem year. vfus nbdus.] | Iai $ 2 | $ | $ 3 1 | 22 | 2 3 | 24.
  • Itte] [|| ETDITÖTETATI ETCITDTE.
those below in "y. 25 '6.!. 27_I_48 _I_I_ 45 1 26 || 27 | 18..
_.
dicabitur. Inv.
speedily, the marks of the years of Cycli page is available in the Sun's appofuimus bricks. Therefore it.
This is the ninth year of 1596, when the solar cycle, the cell, where footnote 9.
of the year, that is to say in the fupremo the node, of the Index, habes the text at the Lord's.
500 C. applying double in the next meeting of devices 100 500, p.
UC 3.4.
ID e r e v 50 A A B 1 500 1 5 S E R 5 M.
100 This! E t i a 50 menfium's letter, that is, the quantity, if the ms.
undiluted expressed an unity and give regulars as those Kalen.
it is clear, the initial of which they are. For instance, first of Sep.
placing the initial version of the 500, that if the numbers express what they are.
thriving because it is the fourth unit of A. In addition, there will be five regular.
hearth in February. G is the beginning of March.
She is feptimi of A, added unity, joyful and it feptcm, united with regularly.
IVth home. APRIL. The method of the initial letters mcnfium.
Take fast hold of these, a technician verficulos :.
4cri Emperor Barbara Channel and the Danube En / e.
JD Grandaur Gybels flight Attys Dindymus breaking.
• For the aecre starting from January to February, A. Danube.
, beginning with a D. In this manner the. Obtained regular day, scice.
And the subsequent days. For if the rule of February.
funtquinque, the dregs, to the fruitful Martijfunt, the seven of the third, & the fic forward ,.
Never exceed feptenarium. So no regular Mu.
tant. Epaétæ of the sun, so that the letter The Sunday, every year variant. Vfus.
Regulars here, so it compofiti with concurrcntibus, fine Epaétis.
af & is9 »8 1 i o s e p h 1: S C A G E R 50 1 1 i.
I cast the seven other side is, if it is necessary, I will give the day. This year with A.
ran equal to 500, that is, 4, 2 from 6 February. February.


Page 273


They give charaóterem second Monday of February hocan.
Since, however, from the beginning, from ancient times, and the year 1596. Ecclefiastica no Kalcn.
push April, so regular Kai. March of unity. Diuifis O 3.
the seven days of April through the remaining two. that the unity Ka.
Lender April componunttres regular Kalen. May. Rurfusa Ka.
Lond. April. the IVth. Iunijexclufiuc days were 61 diuifa the seventh.
abandon the old and she twentieth of unity. March thing.
six regulars on Sunday. It is, indeed, are the method of the.
Of the Greeks, indeed exist, on behalf of charaeter the letter of the B. assumuntliteras fingularias
The Sunday as Ecclesia Church. Why confecutus literally at home.
nical initial letter of menfis, you can do without, and a third to concur.
Rent & regulars. This annolitera last Sunday Gains
I want to know how many holiday 2 May 9. In the former verficulo technical version.
Rum starting foreigner is known first of May. Therefore, a greater incidence.
pitalitera B & B is just 29, too, whatever happens feptimaaC the.
The Sunday version of this year, said May 29 was fabbatum. Do not.
to care for them, and meeting together the knowledge of which refers, vfum refpuc.
., • _Y.
1000 H o t e s e p 500 5 Act A A A A N V 1000 50 5 4 M.
 A. e prolific account the Romans, Itaxa% fiuíga are alike c.
• T1ex Sunday above the Moon excess, the excess days XI. Because.
fupplendum are added to the lack of, of the moon, however, that account.
άπax% diet, this is supplemental. Enneadecaterici year cycle lead.
vndecies. Throw O 3, where the number exceeds 3 a. The rest are R.
PART A: Llinares and taking a fempera the beginning of March, they begin a Ia ne fi.
nuarii, bifexti them vfus intervention forces. Vfus for them no.
scendam age Monday, as Computatoresnostriloquuntur, that is.
Greeks Toxiaja »aexfin. This year 1596 are Epaétæ XI. A day when.
We wrote, fexta September. I want to know the age of the moon in the day.
propofitum. How are menfes from March to mcnfem includes propofitum.
flue, so regularesadde.Itaque September will be the seven regulars for D.
"Septembrisfeptimus of March. Arrange the EPA and as the day propofitum.
'Add to the sum of regular seventh. Do you have 24. And so, by virtue of diesSeptembris.
This year 1596 was vicefimum quarter moon. The defiderantur to the force.
nouilunia next. So XII September approximately nouilu.
Art. However, will always be rejected O 3, when a sum greater.
more than 3 o. Turn the canon. Given that menfis and Moon ,.
"I want to know Epactas shaped. Dics propofita be V 1 September ,.
Lunada E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 1000 V 50 1 E. 7. »> 9.
A Luna XXIV. Take away the greater from the lesser. 18. Auferregu left.
menfis homes seventh. Remanent xi Epaétæ shaped. Where larger Hu.
will not be able to pull off a mere case of a minor, we must add 3 o the lesser of radiation.
In this intervention. Again, given Epaétis, Menfo and the Moon, I want to be.
Day menfis. Menfis in September, MONDAY 24 epactas xi. Aggr.
gated with a smaller force, the regular menfis and epacta.
Remove from more juice. So the sum of x and v 1 1, that is, an 18 ,.
z 4. Bring the remaining six days of September. This three very profitable.
Chronologues there are times to be investigated. But it rarely happens that aliquaex.
The chronology of the rules of these three points, it is necessary does not take place. .
* 500 1 500 v e r e s o e p a c t a r v M.
S e w 1 500 1000 Epactarum, which is said to qye AT 1000 ,.
not to be neglected in the give and the third with the Annunciation of the Romans, though.
TComputatoribus takes place in our own completely unknown to the thing. A refiduo away.
Regular day. You will have to nouilunia menfe propofitum. This.
1. subduct the year 1596 Epact x x 1 x. Regular menfis.
September, namely the seven out of 19, detraéti give 1 z for September.
the new Moon, beak above the other, as is the way of ostenfor. In the next EPA & St.
1. xx 1 will be subduct VIII. Deducted the seven regular Kalen.
c September will push the new moon. 3 O added to the radiation, so we ,.
Whenever larger numbers of minority rights. Withdrawn tens of DC.
38, nouilunia next year will be 28 December 1597.
500 E 1000 E C T O O T E R 1000 500 1 n o r v M.
P a s 100 H A 50 1 5 M.
 500 refiduum EPA and marigold alertness 17- and 31 Throw often.
</ \ Exceed the number 31. It remains to limit the Easter nice.
that. This year 1596 subduct x 1 x. adding XVII by.
ike to 31 days menfis March, left in the fifth April coast.
Easter. In the next subduct v is 111. Adding 17, vicefimum.
p-fifth of March for the Easter term. Why are 17 regulars visited.
cianturpro constant method, cause this is the last year of the cycle.
Epaéta there is consequently no Refiduum.Terminus the others.
April 17 is the year that they are constantly regular add all.
Refiduo Epaétarum. This method is very transparent, that hand.
li teaches bounds to the Easter, of the audit. In oétauo Epaétæ cycle.
28, 2. Adding subduct 17, the nineteenth Martijex rule of terms.
mis Easter. But for the sake of the anticipation of the vicefimum the fruitful Virginity of March ,.
For XIX taken into eighteen March-April. For in very deed, that year is out.
 Methodo58o 1 1 o s e p h e r i s c a la g.
IMethodo, there was no Embolimaeus.

Page 274


epaétas, eleven ties to the series or franchise, an additional numerus, not Peru.
Unit to thirty. Since, therefore, the addition of Epaétis 17 of the year feptimi, Epaétis.
, xi, for casting fint oetae 28 épacte of the year, nor do they touch on the 3o :.
illc year, so there is no Embolimæus 4%, but not scilicct% guar.
tadecima Moon anteuerteret Epocham æquinoétij xx on 1 March.
which, however, belong to the term of the Paschal corrcétionem, pcte ex li.
bro fourth. Again after adding 13 to subduct Epaétarum will have.
Septuagefimæ limit. But if the number is greater than 3: 1, abicétis.
31, is the remaining term Septuagefimæ in February. For a sedan.
below the country belongs to February 14, above the 16, in January. This.
The 19 year refiduum Epaétæ added 13, and joyful tie 31 remains the first B.
MA February limit Septuagefimae. When the ninth cycle.
refiduum z. Adding 13: the end of January would be a natural thing.
the progress of the cycle, so that the beak above we have said. But, contrary to what happened Here nature.
bolimæus day, that year, and in defense of the border in the fifteen fourteen, frankincense, & January in the round dance.
'} Ebruarij. In fact, the character of Reet citimus has been rich in the term of Himself.
ptuagefimae should be several XT January, remote x 1 1 1 February.
However, the founders of cyclo paschali citimus limit established.
1 fortnight of January 1, the distance x 1 1 1 1 Fcbruarij. Always have.
Terms Septuagefimae version is the same, that the Easter term: a.
Consequently, in a Syrian version Terms & Æthiopici audit cadcm Ni.
snow, which Terms Scptuagefimae. C.
A T H O 100 50 1 100 1000 E P O R T A 5 M.
1 E R T A part of this account, see âuad® 36yoy as the Greeks to.
sure, with the aid of years from Adam Jubilee in.
diétiones. We are true and credibility to the knuckles.
And at intervals thing.
C H E P O O ae A 100 N 500 N 500 V 1000 V 1 t i
I 656 by the creation of the flood.
292 from the flood to the birth of Abraham ,.
7 5 from the birth of Abraham to call him.
43 O of calls Abraham to migrate into.
From the time of creation, to migrate into.
the year 2453.
Abdere 479 N 500 E 1000 E 1000 E P O R T A T. B. V 1000 50 1 5 2. 78r.
479 of the Exodus, to the formation of the Temple Salomonici. .
Cafum Sedekiae to 428, and the destruction of the temple.
Taken together of the year from to move to the land of Egypt, to the cafum Sedekiae ,.
9O7. 3 since the world; 6 a.
59 a case Scdekiae the back and resolve the transportation ,.
1o8 to edietam killing Noth. .
2 59 for the dedication of Judas Macabæi.
But the birthday of King 162 1000 e s s 1 as the Son of God.
Taken together of the year from the birth of the King of Mefliae to the case Sedekiae.
588. creation, the first year 3948. Bio.
nyfij Exigui 39 5o.
From the creation of the world, to this present year Dionyfianum 1596, collected.
be 5 545 years, vfque XIV September.
That same year by the year 1596 Dionyfiano will start with the world.
ing 5 546, Tuesday is an Zygon year from the birth of the Messiah.
At the beginning of 1599, although 1597 will start up its Dionyf, 1598.
, however, has been rich in the ancestors of all the old Ecclefiæ. Yet Au.
the ratio of these times vcram tem Chronologi-year-old of the world.
gods to get for any character in any interval.
points out. But we will not once we pointed out in the three stages in the.
9 facras Bible, charaóteribus branded properties, Exodus, cafum loiakim ,.
cafum Sedekiae. In fact, Exodus has fallen into the menfem Of the Moon, of which the.
Moon was on Thursday, when sixteen XX11 productive menfis him.
Saturday. Let XVI. And furthermore that the new Nifanius rally.
but when æquinoótio. Another is a clear charaeter. Cafus Jehoiakim.
The year is Matt Nabopolassar. At first, Ezekiel, 1, 2. first year.
Sedekiae the fourth week. Jeremiah is the cap. xxviii the beginning, that is.
This place is very famous. The same alibiapud Jeremy vltimusan.
nus Sedekiae, vndecimus of his reign, it is the same of the Sabbath. These so.
Characters high or moderately skilled epoch in the real world.
gods can establish that we have done; excufat is less that 1 5, either.
500 18 years to make the world more epochs, when Lambert Schassha.
burgenfis, from creation to Christ, think of the years 3948, that we :.
The wonder in a foreign language such as tartar and in man.
Speaking purity, and at the time of singing skill to that.
be able to express some sense of shame, of our time, from the Chronologis ,.
If any of these guides have. Do not live much far away.
Edward Lambert contraets to leave, after which.
the creation of the Christ, think year 3952 "is not a 396 6 ,.
As CCN o s e p h * 782 1 50 1 1 S C A G E R L
those who they want to be seen more accurately, of the Times scripfisse as cenfeo. From A.
The epitaph lot of Constantinople in the arsenal, which generally Ay.
Grayce {λω call, 1ta concept :.
A 2 O. K T 1> e o z. K o r o x 1000.
A. ^ £. m. B. O. A T E
10 1 p> t o m. E t o t>. 100). AA
B> A 1 A m E>. ® ® 1 A e o o>.
O ^ t 1>. 1000 1 10 a h a o Τ. B H TA
Ap 10 N. S O O 1 A 1 K x K I.
Hm A A B C Σ. A K i ti p o t o x x Τ
A m t o m. A P O R K 2 O 1>. A N H P.
A t a o @>. E K T E N 2 1 Σ P) Σ.
A N A 2 A m> 1 T O N A T O T.
M t o t o n a t o n t o A t e 1000
A P>. A A H H N N


Page 275


The creation of the world to the Christian epoch Dionyfianam thought.
The major anni 59 58. This calculation is only 8. It is the years.
epilogifmo-year-old from the truth, though only Greek & draw nearer to it in respect of this.
world, and ordinary Greeks count of Easter co phase.
nat, and co, not the semen. All suppose that one edge 43 a.
years of migration, it was not a descenfu Jacob in Egypt.
Then, fed by the travel Abraham: so that both modern Jewish ,.
how long they have taught us that it is Iofephus. With joy.
tur confentiant in the intervals from all things, in him who sin, you what to do.
how to produce the time of the Roman history of the Greeks, or can not be any.
inspired. Was able to be reached, however, the time of the deprehenfo to that of the Exodus. G.
Otherwise, the Nabopolassars years. They ought to have to think of men.
when taken prisoners at the end of the neede any Ecclesia nes in the Hebrew, Chaldee, the state is not the end of the neede any.
The epoch of the times, you could have to use other, other things than those which had come to Victoria v.
tebat. Or is it not in your own country fua the air contraets vñ are the same ,.
do not fua? How much more he would have been right there, but xaxd%%.
αύτοι. Nabopolassar course of six years back, the dimensions are not considered ,.
No controuerfia of which is definunt year period in the Star.
7 64: exactly what we have elsewhere difputata it. Jews.
toys out of the atmosphere by which the semen Ezekiel aside. How many ways out of the.
mm can be refuted? What is more ridiculous than he imagines.
Law discovered? Why is the city of Jeremiah ipfa ca epoch.
the semen does not? What is the reason, so it is with strangers, and to whom, indeed, not the hair.
interested parties, in this historical epoch have its place, in the country, his argument is not ipfa ha.
earns? Is there any such refraétarius, which will not only see ?.
500 E B 1 5 1 1 50 E St.
B years, the world's Throw 1499, or a period in Jewish z 3io, either.
 A period Juliana 3 2 5 2. The remainder of the divide by 49. That out.
 diuifione fuperest, ty equal to the current year Iubilci Xai% £ T, Xan.
Gexi, D. E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 E. 7. »8.
Ap8χάς. Away from the world of getting propcdiem 5 547 2 499 Re.
O48 ​​stay 3 years, released from the first year of κλng8% £ viz. It results.
X fexagefimo third year of Jubilee bounce absolute. Therefore it.
Autumn will start fourth year of the fruitful week fexagefimo.
tertijIubilei. Now the rest of us joyfully sing old ones as well, as modern ones all things.
are ideal. ".
Throw a period of years Iulianae 763. It remains true: that year.
mouse world, running from the autumn.
From the years of the period Iulianae Throw 953. The remainder of the current year.
Jewish by the autumn.
The sum is 189 years of Jewish alertness year running the world.
Bautumno.
\ E 500 1 500 1 100 t N N o 1 1 5 B St.
The rest of the year there are 311 years of Christ B Away from the Indiétio.
lest the church of Constantine, and that a record xxiv of September. At the end of Christmas.
STI Away 3 2 1 596 runs. 128 5 years left over from the first.
diétione Constantine, that is, the tenth 86 Indiétionis.
Constantiniana. .
Divide by Juliana 7. The period of the year week.
Pipe push the autumn. Here, then, for the next seven-year 63o9 diuifis reality.
Clinquit productive week of the year by the autumn. .
Divide the period Juliana through XV. Indiétio running above the rest.
A Kal. lanuarij. .
And X4 is c.784. g.
A C T P 5 x £ vm o s e 1 500 O P T. Am An ax 1.
the grace, the third day of the week ,.
A N N O.
Only the tenth cycle.
Ongoing cycle of the moon.
Iulianae period of 6 3 1 Oh. +.
Serse Constantinople Pascal 7 yo 5.
AErae Constantinopolitanæ Luna 7 O9I. } IX kal. Ivnii.
Serse Oriental 7 O 98.
Serse Cæfaris Hifpanica 1 635.
Volume iuliani 1642.
India and spent constantinianis Lxxxvi fourteenth].
A Alexandreo Syromacedonum 2 R.
  iq o8 20 4.
1000 Antioch, AR & T H 1 1 s i
Samaritan.:.:.:.:.:. 1 A 1 R xxvi 1.
Emperor Aetium I676. P a c h on].
Martyrs Diocletianea & Elkupti 1313. P a s c e s} H **.
Thanks Abyssina 249 days Matthæi. C in B oT H.
500 1 500 1000 O N O N S 11.
And the creation of the world's $ s46} Siw A N orbit six.
Jewish 5; 57 increase. A civil XT w a n = 1 1 1.
Hegirae Muhammedano Ioo 5. S 100 H E W / F 50 17.
Neuruz Gelalaei Perfico 519 C H A R A 500 500 XVII.
Iezdegird Perfico 966. A B A N 1x.
Armenia Christianifmi IO46. From 1000 A 1 A 1 v 1.
Nabonassari gyptiaco 2 3 4 5. E P P These IX.
Olympiadis DXC 1 1 1 quarter. AoOr D 4 / rigg.Ę.
IPeriodi Atticæ quinquagefimo quarto.MOTNTKNOCT7 £ t £ reg ;.
Vicefimum sixth periods Calippicæ Agv% of (ας vicefimo fexto.
- Θ A Thai & P NOC Re / rm a JAA.
JParapegmatis attics. PTA TPωN C ΛΑ.
Pcriodi great Dionyfianæ the ongoing quarter. Lunationis third 15.
 Oh NOMENN 1000 100 50 E N A T O R
· A 5 5 1000 100 T O R T S E R 1 P 100 t O.
A 5 1000, Q_V O R A V 5 1000 100 T O R L
A I N T S 1 S 1 50 1 A 1 B St.
 ABOUT.
1000 ENDA p 1 T O N E T EMP OR 5 M.
vfurpata.
Pr. i. prolegomenis The first number of a page, and the latter designates the line.
In the work amendment designates a page number, and the letters A, B, C, D, Io.
When. page.
In fr. 1. broken only known pages.
J4.
ζ {ζς βEN Ezra, 289. c. noted.
£ \ i% 568 c. impoiiura of Sama.
© thereon. 662.d.663.a.
JAbdalla auetor Alcabicij. 146.c.
Abydemi Assyriaca it. d. 4. 7. 3. 19. 41.


Page 276

 26. pag.pr.lin.4o.
From £ ta Apoflolorum. is illustrated. 535. d.
vlm the gesture of the old Latin manuscript.
394.4.
St. Ambrofius corrected. 155.b.698.d.
Ambrofius moral Hifpan. 446.b.
Pliny the Elder. 399. c.461.d.error.
ibid.511.b.638.a.
Prophet. fr. 3o. 39.
Anaereon. 3I.C.
JAnaflafius ßibliothecarius. 525.k.
559. C. d. 682. A.
A $ martyrij is happy Epifcop and Africans.
áciorum amended. 18 pr.32.
(R Adda. 6.pr. 16. fr. 53.
Addo, Viennemfir. 614. d.
Aelianus. 74. d. 168. d. 654, c.
Æßhylus. 586, c. 590, a place great. e.
mendare. 59I4.
Aethicus. 23.pr.253o.
Africanus. 4OI d.
Agathias, delusion. 491.c.d.
Aimoinus monk 618. d. 621. d.
Albatenius. mistake. 146. c. correction 214. b.
239. d.414 from.
Albumafar. 146.c.
Alexander polyhijlor it. 48.
JAlfonfinorum mistake. 144.b.
Jalkoram Muhammedis. 415, c. 52o. c. d.
663 d. 7o. d.
{& Lofij VARILLAS Epiflola. 118.d.
Anaflafius Patriarch of Antioch. 544 C.
PRESS book. fr.57.
JAeiianus old translator Chryßfiomi. 457.
c. 569.c.
Conflantinopolitani chronicle. 442. • 100.
Chronicle Charles verfibus confçripti.
546.c.
JAnnales Phænicia. 39.pr.9.39.
JAnnales Turcici. 53o.b.764.c.765.b.
Anthologiaepigrammatum Greece rectified.
given both illustrated fr.3. / Ide, Epi.
grammes nth Sec. .
A ς%, hifloris apudMartinum Greek cross.
Fiume. 53o.4.
Antiochi Eupatoris the Epiflol. 94.d.
'4324.
ANTIPHANES Comic, 457.b.
Coll & TI Rauennatis receipt. 386.4.
Greg appendix. Turonenfis Fredegario.
the attributes. 54. b d 618 62 1 d.
4ppiamus 3o.c.fr. 3o.
Vw ApuleiusApuleius 7o.d 725 .a.731.b.733.a. 749.b.751.b.
\.
Jrabsparaphrafles die Euangelia 24o.b.533 d.
74.4.82.4 been plowed.
Ifaac Aegyrus 32.7.4.331.C.
Aeriflophanes 72.c.82.4.
Sri $ Aristotle 4.Pr. 22.in Oeconomicis damages.
 You) '33.a.b.illustratur £ 35.
"Arian fr.30.36.
Afçonius Pedianus 177.c.
Craspecht metaphra $ ing books, mocha Phae.
fr.26 crumbs.
Athenaeur 31b 457.afr.9.18.43.
Anthony Augufl, fr.27.
"Restless 55o.c.569.cfr.17.
Aujena 2.42.4.
By virtue Aurelius or Andrea Thoma & 39o.c. no.
442, 467 b.4 noted d.47o.a * 3a.
Anr. Vieiis vulgaris.error 498.4.
JMufonius poeta.error 3.pr.39. 53. d. 173.c.
174.a.383.a.b.c.485.b.637.b.
8%.
OD. BA * Rosa, watch, 0doardus.
ßaronius. 7. pr noted. 17.17.pr.18.19.
& C.i8.pr.36.37. & Fequentes pages.
sseda Aenglofaxo 156. 158.a. 17o.b.c.497.
b.542.a.i6o.a.161.c.62.2.a.746 b.
J Inc. ßellouacenfis 519.c.
(WAR African Cæfaris 187.b.
ßellum Hissanicum Cæfaris 439.b.
ßerofus 11.pr. 27.13.pr.13.30.14.pr.14.
397.b.575.df.3.6.9.13.14. 18.43.48.
Greek 7.pr.16 impossible.
ßiniamin Jews path as an interpreter.
riaMontano 661.d.
ßreuiarium code Theodofiani 447.c.
(568 P.ßurgenfis a.2.8.pr.28.29.
C.
L. CADAMvstv s. See, Louis.
Caelius to Cicero 185.b.
Calljlhenis Epiflola to Aeristotelem frag.
 4I 4O • · · ·.
Fidelity nomine./poflolorum 152.c.2.4z.a.
597.d.683.c.d.731.b.c.
The canons, the name of Clement, 544. a.683. a.
Fidelity was $ thenis 4o7.4.415. £.
The canons of the ancient Jewish 57o. a. b. c.
57I By7.ay73 b 638.c.d.
Fidelity Nice 5o7 b.
Iul.Capitolinus 47o.b.492.a.
Viet Capua i6o. c.
Uarmi Saliare 175.a.
CASSIODORO Confülare Chronicle. mistake. 389.
d. 4o5. b. 492 c.error. ibid.d. 5o8.a.514.
d.613 b.
Ca $ 31 for Rheginus pr.7.
CATO money. \. 186.4.
Cato Iurisconfùltus 177.d.461.c.
(Catull. 58.d.187.b.
Cedremus.corrigitur 3oi.c. 4% χςτά. 5o9 from.
b.c.51o.d.691. b. 517.b.567.6 improved.
5o3.c.d.
Cemforinus 5.pr.13. mistake. z8.a. 51.c.77.a.e.
68. c audience. 72. a. loo. b. 166. b.d.
189.b.136.b. 358.b. mistake. 367.b.emenda.
be ibid. 388 a.zoi.d.455 d. 456.a.461.b.
481, c. correction. 486.
Chaldean books of Kings Paraphras £ les.
653 d.
Chaerilus Fr.i £.
Christmann letter Chronologica 47. pr.zo.
Chronic ßibliaca, fine stinging days J-9.
pr.37.30.pr.11.35pr.1438o.cfrag. 13.25.
47 49.5o.54.55.58.
Chronicum Samaritarum name of an old book.
Iofùe 666.c.d.
Chronicum Sarracen 145 d.136.c.
Chronologus at (lementis Alex. 387.c.d.
4o5. d. 407. a.454. a. noted. 467 b.e.
481.d.
"Chronology Æthiopica mêdofißima 68o.c.d.
John Chryssiomus 543544.de money. Au.
intense 55i. b.emendatur. ibid.757.c.d.7 8.
a.b.d.
(B icero 26 177.d.178.a.c. 179.a. 185.a. 186.
c.d. 187.afr 25. 187. A corrected. 23o. b.
235 b c.2.47.c.388.a.b.c.395 b.error 4.o.c.
448. 587.a. correction. 629.c.
iceronis. J commissioned 4.pr.18.
Claudianus poet illuflratur 56 d 39O A443.
demendatur.578 d.579.a.194.d5i5.c.
Clem: Clement of Alexandria mistake 378. a.emen M. Alma look Tuesday.
38o.a.4oo.b.4o3.d.55r possible. d 554.c.
562.c.
An IOR from £ £ / 33 »ilat *> ro, as in $ Cle.
6.pr.38 mind.
7 \ ic.Clenardus, see Nico.
Cleobuli æmigma 23.b.c.
Iufliniani pad 597.d.
Theodofianus pad 5o2.c.5o4.b.516.c.d.
G.Codinus Curopalates, see George.
TI and neck Rauennatis receipt 386.â.
Columbus 4pr.26.27.
M. Come, see Marcellean.
Calculate the big Jewish quifuit Horn.


Page 277

b.
CoNc1 51 v M.
Arelatenfe 449.b.corrigitur.ibid.
Arelatemfe 4. 449.c.d.
Aurelianenfe, 698.d.
Aurelianenfe 3. 615.4.
Aurelianenfe 4. 734.b.
Aurelianenfe V. 615.4.
Autißiodoremfe 733.d.
ßraccarenfe 541 d.733.d.
Carthaginienfe first 733.c.
Carthaginienfe productive 449.a.corri.
investment ibid.
Carthaginiemfe fourth 449.b.
Carthaginiemfe section 449.b.emenda.
tur ibid.c.
Ephefimum. 496.c.5o4.4.
Jerusalem 5o2.c.
Lugdunenfe first 618.a.emédatur.ib.
ICEM IN 5o7.a.b.
Toletamum 446.b.
Toledo 4. 734.4.
In Trullo 539.b.759.b.776.a.
449 • 100 in the system of Valentinus, France.
J alentinum plenty of France 617.d.
Conflantine Aug.Epistola I2.4.d.I54. £.
eiufdem law. 776.a.
confiantinus porphyrogénète 427.d.757.b.
SUPPORTED Chirius rbet 483.c.
Continuity Aimoimi monks 542.b.
7Nic.Contius Venetian see Nicholas.
Herman RESISTANCE, see Hermant.
Ctefiae Perfica 13. pr. 15. 32.pr.8. 411 B.C.
586.b.c.592. b. fr. 18.4o.41.42. deviations.
fr. 43.
QCurtius ii8.a.zo6. c.419. b.437. b.fr.13.
37.emendatur 579.4.
I Cujpimianus 4Q4.C.
Qyrillus, 734.4.
¢ o.
Nico L. Tamafçenus fr.6.8.43.47.1o7.d.
1) aniel Prophet 31pr.26.33.31.pr.18.35.pr.
25. 36. prob. the entire pqgtnam 37, pr. Yo.
19.38pr.1.43pr.4o.41.44pr 1. 2. 9. 45.
pr.5.6. a. 578, c. 581. a. c. 584. b. c. d. 585.
b. 589. c. d. 593 illustrated b.locus remarkable.
half feptimanae 6o5. b. c. d. 6o6.b.
fr. yo. 2. 3. 14. 15.19.21.12.23.34: 51: 58.
(1) eager Pfalmi zz3.a.fr.35.38.
1) ecreto Grattani 683. b. there must be noted.
684 c.

7) emoflhenes 3o. b. d. 31. a. 52. d. 63.a.2.63.d.
1) igefii Thalmudico Io2.c.io3.c.io4.c.d.
io5.a.436.a.572.b.63o.b.637.b.653.c.
1) yo 189.d.error.ibi.19o.a.2.2.9.b.445.d. 451.
ad.453.c.456.d.458.a.46o.a.b.c.
1) iodorus Sicilian 1 1.pr.15.2.4.b.32.a.33.c.
74.b.c.76.c.17o.c.d. 195.c.378.d. 412. a.
f.14.38.40.41.42.44.45.
Ωiqgenes Laertes. 23.d.64.b.2.83 c. compensation.
is 69.4.413 c.
(Dionyfij JAreopagitæ pounds to 539 a.
1) ionyfij Alexandria Epifiola I51. c.
(Dionyfius small 161.b.c. 162 b.c.d. ER.
16. pr spray. 27. 162. d. 163. a. 547, 548.
randomly.
T) ionyfius Halicarnassenfis 41 a.b.notatur.
45. b. 378. d 379.a.c. 386. c. * & # Xprà ;.
389.b.c 4o5 b.
Oius Phæniciacarí rerífçriptor fr.1.6.28.
E v.
V 1000 Augufii ready for the Jews is corrected.
445.a.569 b.
Emmius 386.b.error.ibid.
5 V? EpiEpigrammata Anthologiae 479. A correctness is.
ibid.d.48o from 5o Air 3.
Newspapers, daily and bedding flue A.
Alexander the Great 4I6.c.
Ephiphanius 15. 151 D 546 D 513 CD 55o. d.
552.a. 554.c.655.b. 694.b.c. 663.d.664 from.
699.a.f.44. . .
EpijlolaCalljihenisadAristotelem fr.4o.
Epiflola confiflorij Jews from Intercalatione.
An extraordinary 1o4.b.
Letter Samaritan. 5 i 539.c.
Letter ooz suog> OPO; asport. fr.38.
Epijlola encyclical, Pope J igilij zo.pr.
 2. 3.
Epijlola J Gilij Epifcop Tridemtini 19.
7 ^ .2.6.
Efdra 35. pr. 2.4.43.44. & 45. prob. something.
535b.576.d.59i.b.fr.43 ties.
591.dfr.14.43.
Conuey four Aerabica 5o5.d.
© 284.d. of labor in the cwózfp
Eugene Panegyrifles 448.c.
Eupolemus fr.mo 1.18.48.
Eufebius 152. c. 4oi.b. fr. 9. 11.14.28.4o.
41. 48. The amended 416. d. Item 493, c.
438 a 719a729.d. fr.io.aia xegnauâ ;.
433.d error.17.pr.3. & FEQ. 21pr. 33. zz.
pr. $ 1, and fequentes pages fepe 463.
d 539 c.d54o.c.
£ football lathes 2.43.4.
Euripides place great about my $ material. 58.a.
is corrected. ibid B 419 c.443.c.
The prophet Ezekiel 2. pr34. Sec 46 pr. zo.
398. 6o5. afr.io.ii.18.19. 2.6.34.37.4o.
5o.51.56. .
F.
Capitol holiday and 387 b.
Fajii Onufriani improving 488.a. 494.a.
498.a.5o. b 513.d 556 d.
488. The calendar was wiped out by the errors. 494, s.
5o2.a 5o4 cemendantur. ibid. 556.d.
Favorable Epifcop. Reienfis Prouincie 2.
Marbon. . '447 b.
Lopez Cafligneda. zo6.d.
(R. Feil 5, 100. 447.c.
Fefia grandmother of 68 a.73.b.c.d.76.a.error.
68.b.74.a.77.c.8.a.
Feffe Pompey 1774.
Iul.Firmicus 1 19o.b.c.396.b.c.
Floris VVigornienfis monk 159.a.
Seneca 395 b.
And Fortunatus Presbyter of Ravenna, poflea out of the.
Piscopo. Piétauiemfis 447.d.616.c.618.
b.684 b.
Francifcus Aluaros Lufitamus fácerdos things.
GIS Emmanuel 693.a.694.b.699.c.
Francifus Gomara Hijpanus 115.c.z.z6.d.
A.Froes Epiflola. 1 18.d.
Front 169b.
G.
Gamal Lprifíus GST) O & tor Hebrew 63o.c.
Theod.Gaza noted 3 pr.2.4.pr.1o.11.
23. throughout. 19o.b.
J4. GELLIUS. 385a 44o.b.emendaturfr 3.
Double mathematician. 6o.b.65 c.7o.b c.
correction. 71.b.error.78.d.8; B.
Gelafa 727.d.
Gennadi 'I59.c.
Geographus JARABE 45o.a.6zz.b.c.d 663.c.
George Codir curopalata. 416. d.
correction. ibid.
German Epifcop Conflantinopol. 699 a.
German quoted Cefat 443 b.
Levi Gerfom Jew fr.5o.57.
Glaucippus with Microb. z6.d.
: Glosse old 177.b.69r.b.c.
"Glosse in Juvenalis. 471.c.483 d.
Clossarium Latinoarabicum 7.pr.15.2.z.
pr.4.
Fr. Lopez Gomara 225.c.2.16.d.
7 \ icephorus Gregoras 332.4.
Gregory. 5o2.d.
Gregory Epift. Turonenfis 46.pr.2.6.611.


Page 278

a.b. correction.
25pr.16 6io a.616 b. Local Rule ;.
617. c. 619. d 6zo. a. wonderful delusion.
618.a.item 619.d.6zo.c.d.6, i.b. ememus.
aatur61o.b. 6. 1. b. In place of the $ tau.
randoVanilo year baptifmo over. 683.
d. Place great Easter Term ,.
And the translation kept xx 1 1.
Moon 731.c.
William Poflelli his lecture-out of Samaria c.
They argue 661.d.
H.
A A C C ae V's Prophet 6o2.d.
Hale Hifpan. Rabbi 279.a.
Halton Armenian 2 Jn. d. zii.a.543.c.fr.43.
it is amended. 1.1o.d.
Harpocratio 2.6.a.3o.d.3z.b.
Hecat.eus JAbderites fr.5.12.14.
ÆHermannus contraets 781.d.
Aerodotus 13.pr. 14. 16. prob. 2. 32. pr.7.2.3.a.
b. 59. b. 190. a. 197.d.575.c.586.a.591.d.
fr.7.10.11.14.15.16.17.18.27.28.29.4o.
, 41. 41.43.44.45.48.
6. Hefiodus c.54. b.c.locus perpenfus 4.b.
Hefychius 29.b.3o.b.55.a.b.588. afr.15.
Jerome 46.pr. Io.358.a.emendatur.4.
pr.16.585.a.6oo.d 698 C, 73o.a.b.758.b.
fr.35.4o.41.47.51.
Jerome füpplementum Chronicle Eufe.
biani 4o5.a.51o.b.
Hilarion the monk Meronenfis .8.pr.8.
567.b.c.d. . . .
Hilderich Frenchman. 447.d.
Hipparchus 83.a.io9.a.2.73.c.284.c.d.
Hippolytus Epifcop 491.b.
History Hindi zz6.d.
These $ erotic patriarchica ßarbarogræca Mir.
Martin Crufij 549.d.
Homer 173.b.f.12.28.
Horace 2.23.c.d.299.d. 451.b. 455 a.b.c.
571.d.fr.27.
Clock, fine Menologium Ecclefiæ.
Conílantinopolitanae 5o8. c. 5io.a.692.c.
753, s. .
Horns Apollo 194.C.196.4.2.47.c.
Son James JA / ia paper in J J Vitae error.125 b.
Local sizeable 65o.a.
11.pr.8.39 prophet Jeremiah. 12.pr. 1o.29.
pr. zo. 3o. pr. 39. 35. pr. 2 1, 4oo.d.653.a.
r.
.
534 a.781 cf. 11.12.17 18.2.1.22.28.3o.
35.36.45.49.5o threni it. 38.
Iefus of Sirach 268.a.434.a.654.b.
Patriarch Ignatius of Antioch Ioz. a.
118.c.2.II.a 495.d.5o5.b.
Little Iliad 378 a.
Geilarâ Auguiii 444.d.445 from the index.
Innocent 165 d.
St. John Euangeliiia z6.pr.15. 27.pr.13.
335.a.552.c.d.555.a.b.534.c.535.a.b.
John Cussinianus 404.C.
Iohammes from Saxony. 332.b.335.b.
John Leo Afer. 137.c.d. errores.ibid.
7o5.d.7o6.a. 759.b.
John Leunclauius 765 b.errores into the stream.
N. hegirae with Chrijti 1) ionyfianis county.
By getting the whole context amntilium.
Turkish 766.c.
John Lucid 565 b.
Jonathan Targuin 'fr.25.39.
Iofè doétoris Hebrues mistake. 474.d.
Iofephus 5.pr.31.13pr 3839. 16pr.29.17.pr.
. 29.30.2.4.pr.2.39.pr.9.47.d. 49.d.9.c.
mistake. 38. prob. 21. & cfr.14.io7.a.b.z.2.4.a.
373. a. 4oi.b.45o.c.451.b.468.c d.emen.
He is given. 462.d.463.a.474.a.534.d.tempus.
When writing 475 d. 559, c. 576. d.
B 592, 589, improved BSR. 8, 9, lo. 12.13.
3o.33.35.36 14. 15. 19. 24. 26. 28. 29.. 41.
45. 46. 48. 57. .
Copyist in Iofephus error. 3-.pr.36.37.
Iofìe free 14.pr.23. 15.pr.21. 375. b. c.frag.
24.29.
Ifaaci tying 2.7.pr.39.
Ijaacius Argyrus 327 a.error. 331.c.
Ifaiam Prophet 12.pr. 1. Fr.i 1.13.17. 18.zo.
2.I.2.2.25.30.34.35.36.39.49.
Ifidorus CARDINAL 53o.b.
The Ifidorus Hifpalenfis 447, c. 691.c.
553.dfr.25.29 judges free.
Judith 2.2.3 "100.
Julian AE $ y £ TNS 681.b.
Julian 7Pomerius Episeop. Toleta. 446.c.
589.b.
Julius were.
Julius Finnicus.
B.C.
47o b.492.4.
19o. b. mistake. ibid. c. 369.
Vw 3 LilinusIuflinusTrogi made small. noted 41.d.
fr.31.35.47. .
Lienilii.; D illustrated 457.afrgm. * 5.
correction. 471.ab.479 ".
ΚΛiendar 1vM Christians Elkupti.
JArabicum 692.c.
Κalendarium Ecclefias Antiochemae Syria.
Cμη 51o.a.692.b.
Κalendarium Jews Germanenfium.
6 ». B.
Kii Jews constantly Palæ $ 281.
b.z82. a.374.d.
In the Roman Calendar'll 177.a.455 b.
Kimhi @auid φοέtor Jew 338.d frqg.
49. 5o \.
L.
"LacrANTivs Firmiani 7o.d.
Lambert Schafnaburgemfis 781.d.
Lampridins 395.d.
Landulphus Sagax 7o4.b.
79. Lombard 5o4.4.617.4.
Laomicus 53o.4.
Laws 1) ecemuirales, 4.d.
I. Leo Afer. , 137.c.d.7o5 d.7o6.a.
Leo 165. demendatur. 449.d.i59.c.
684.a.734.a.
I Leunclauius 765 b.766.c.
QR. Levi BEM Gerfom fr.5o.57.
The law of Solon 4.d.
Free colloquij over with Muhammas.
Damo 519.c.
The confinement Ifaaci pnvs nvpy 27 pr.39.
The letters Czar Juba Bafiliovvit <1000% oui.
IMP damaged. 746.c.
The letters and forging Amurates 765.b.
The letters and forging Mirelmumenim Marroc & *.
Fesse the 764.b.766.d.
Liturgiarum free frag.37.55 58.
B.error.ibid.c.387.a.415 crossed 181. b.
Lucanuspoeta 71.d.
S.Lucas Euangeljia 444 d557.bsr4354.
'55.58.
1Lucianus 242 cfr.27.
I Lucid 565.b.
Lucillius 448.
Louis Cadamuflus 52.6.4.
Lyfis and those who prefer to Syria Epistolium 94. d.
431.4.
Marcus
A first book Macabaeo 1000 V, 375 b. 429.
c.d.436a. fr. 14.56.58.
Macabæorum abundant free 94. c. 431. 43 *.
585. b. 597.c.fr.39.
Macabaeorum third book 596.d.
Macrobius 3.pr.1.2.6. d33.c.44o. cfr.38.39.
44error.459.c.55o.b.
J Olufa Mecianus 448.4.
Mamcrtinus Pancgyrifles 458.c.
Manilius Poeta.Locus illuflris deMetone 57.
b.73.474.d.2.47.c.3o8.d.


Page 279


Elder Earl J. C. 5oi.a.5o4.d.error.
5o5.a.513.c.5o8.c.emendatur. 6i6.a.b.
S.Marc Euangeliila 552.d.555.b.571.4.
Marcus Ecclefiæ Gazenfis t) iaconus. 8pr.
34. 35.
The pole Marcus J buys 1oo d. 1 19.b.
Mariai Scots' 511.a.error.ibid.548.d.
Martin brings $ fitting 4o.pr.11.12.fr.12.25.
Martin Alma 53o.a.766.4.
'? Peter, a martyr of new India, vide stone.
Martyrolqgia old 4954.
S.Matthæum Euangeliita 549.d.552.d.555 b.
frag.28.58.
Monk biggest 163.c.d.
Megasthenes bear 36.pr.14.37.pr.33.4oo.
c.578.c.582.b. cfrg. 19.
'Pomp. Mela fr.46.
Menander Ephesus 38.pr.4.frag. 57.16.46.
Mxeg Ixia; 378.4.
Ambr. Hifpan moral 446.b.
Mofes Genefeos 2.2.1. b. c. d. ZZZ. d. 297.c.
369. d. 6oo. by fragmen.31.35.39.4o.48.
Let 27.pr.16.37.12.2.c.123. b.fragm.
49.5. Illum $ ensues. ibid.b.c.z97.d.Leui.
tici 27.pr.37.2.8.pr.6.fragm.12.2.6.Nu.
merorum piece. 45. 57. © euterono.
"Mij fr.mij piece. 2.4.2.5.5o J Eller ®aterculus. 356.
Jews do miims% Mofes F & IfII.
io4. from c.113 b.
7m.
Neher 1000 IAs 1.pr.31.33.c.588.c.dlocus.
significant 648.a. Item 649 cfr.56.
Georgius Cedrenus 332.4.
Nicholls, who Pafha fcripferunt 567.c.
7Nicolai Clemardi letter 145b.
7Nicolaus COMT J buys II9.C.
Micolaus 1) amascenus piece. 6.8.43.47.
1o7.d.
Frag.4o norm.
®t. Numatianus poet 7o.c.d.
0.
opoARDvs ßarbofa Lufitanis 683. b.
33. c.
Onomacritfi $ $ pr.16.2.4fr.8.47.48.
From the place of the interpretation of the onufrij to Claudian's round dance.
ATA. 39o.c.diatriba whole passion 1) 0.
minica rejected. 564565566.diatri.
BA pointed out indictionibus. 5o2.b.
Onufrius ®anuinius the father of the history of 16.pr5.
2.1pr.16.
Oracle.
Origen is the first book im Celfus fra4.
Orofius 387 d. 497 5oo.c.5ii.cfr.3o.
Dues or more Onomacriti versus 710ta-.
5. pr speech. 16.17 & c.io.afr.8.38.47.48.
IPA dues e íuípa, 47.pr.7.
Cyril 194.c.196.4.2.47.c.
Ouidiui poet 173.c.266.afr.43. 3 pr mistake.
39. 55 d. 383.a.395.b.c.44.b.536 withheld.
is dismissed positioning of the tabernacle, ibidic.
J83 afr.38.
Φ.
BREAD ESS R 1 STES 5oi.b.5o6.b.681.c.
£ andeçies 1) Geflit Iufliniani 461.c.d.
547.c. " .
Statins next, sees the state.
£ aßhale great power Cujpinianum 4o4.
£ c.
ßatriarchica Hifloria ßarbarogræca before.
Martin Cruft 519.d.
S.Pauli Apoflolus 2.2.4.4.
"Paul Lombard 5o4.a. error.617.a.
(Paul ßurgenfis 568.a.2.8.pr.28.29.
"Paufanias 41. 52. a. mistake. 3. pr. 39.54.4.
479.4.
38. Pereira 4o. pr. 13. 4. pr.28.45.pr.
6.2.6.
IIara Acts # * A * A £ & », author of 6.pr.33.
Peter Martyr of new India 2.25.5.
QPhanias peripatetic 593.4.
GW 53o.b.
(King Philip of Macedonia Epiflola 84.a.
? Thread Byblienfis fr.Io. 16.27.28.30.31.35.
37.38.39.4o.48.
9hilo ludeus zz.pr.13.14.27.pr.5.2.23.c.
$ 38.afr.36.37.48.
(Philochorus 75.c.
Philofiratus 3o.C.
®hlegon 19pr. 1.561.b.
? Hœnicum Aia% αφa] fr.6.19.38.
(Phorius fr.43.
% Phrynichus comic 72.d.
QPindarus. is noteworthy about the game.
cri Olympick 2.pr.36.154.51.4.
Pifo economical 387.b.3914.
QPlato 424.
Seneca 4o. pr. 15. 571. a. piece. 3o.
3I. 32..
(Pliny 23. c. Clarification. 7z. A. 196. d. 39.
c.examinatur. 389.b. 414 C. 41o. bsrag.
9.13.18.44.
Plutarch 4.pr.23.8.pr. 15. 14. a. 3o. C.31.
b. c. 34. b. c. 42. d. 45. d. mistake. 46. ​​b.
47. a. 5o. a. b. 51. d. 5th. c. 53. c. 55. a. ed.
167a.17.d.176.c. is corrected. ibid. d.er.
ror. 185, c. 195. A. 13o.b. 137.b.errores ibid.
h.c.d. mistake. 388.b.414.c.d.49.d.er.
ror.4 * .o.c.42.1.a.b.error.ibid.b.
M'Polus J buys ... ioo.d 119 b.
(Polybins 56.b.59.a.4o5 b.
Jul. Pomerius Epifcop. Toledo 446 c.
589.b.
(Porphvrius 46.pr.59.37.frg. 6.37.48. Er.
rorfrig4o.4i.
  5 w 4 Q Po.
p.C. Po $ Lelli 1000 lecture Scots, watch, mariai. * 661.d.
(Procopius 68i.a.b.
(As fr. 44.
Profperi Aquitaine room 39o.b.514.c.d.
Projeri Pithaeus published by Chronicle 6io.
d.611.b.612. • b.d.
Prosseri confùlare 611 c.d.612 the Chronicle.
QPrudentius 514.d.699.c.
(PTOLEMAEUS 4.pr.28.49.b.76.c.87.a.b.88.c.
it 9.22.3o. 44. emendatur.ioo.a.b.282.
b. c. 284 a.c.2.85 a.287.c.d.2.9.d.42.3.d.
433.b. emendatur.ioo.a. & z.i9.a.
ßtolemæi name parapegma. 235.d.z66.4.
mistake. 42.o.d.
Øfephifma Athenienfis in favor hyr.
the retreat to 47. b.2.64.b. ethnarch of the Jews,
headquarters are in favor 376.c.
QPfephifma Timocratia 53.4.
®.
Re G V 1000 volume 36.pr.6. 381. b.fr. 15.26.
29.45.47.49.
(Remy 615.b.
"Bhenanus noted • 4I9.4.
% \ Ufinus Iofephus translator 57o.d.fr.9. Yo. 19.
2.4.2.6.28.33.35.36.45.46.
QRufus Fefia J. • C. 447 100.
Q (util Numatiamus poet 7o.c.d.
St.
Saad Gaom give tor and Hebrew 639.b.
Landulphus Sagax 7o4.b.
QR.Salomo do and for Jewish people.
Samuel volume 297 d.fr.38.47.5o.
Sanchoniathon ßerytius it. 2.6.37.4o.
They produced, fine house judging Io3.d.
Sarracenica Sylburgij 52.o.b. Many of the errors.
ibid. d.
I.de Saxony.
Lambert Schafnaburgenfis 781.d.
â agnouitns τῆς lamb / a fr.14.
Scholiafles Aristophanes improved 75.c.d.
mistake 457.b.c.


Page 280


"Scholiuiles Pindar 25. error.51.c.52.a.b.
332.b.335.b.
Semeca 395.4.
Seneca 29.b.c.d. 418 c.
Sepulueda Hifpanus.notatur 4474.
As soon as 415 c.44o.b. correction. 366.c.d.
378.c.442.d.57i.d.
As soon as F.Modij fr.3i.
Sulpitius severe Nitiobrix 583.b.
Sybil 2.99. £.
Sibyllina oracles are amended. fr.iz.
SIDONIUS APOLLINARIS 482. c.5oi.d.ememda.
tur.ibid. & 681.a.
Sigeberht monk Gemblacenfis 6io. c.d.
mistake. zo.pr.1o 61o.d.611.d.61o.d.62.1.
a. 623.c. wonderful delusions and 159 d.
More simple philosophy infra. 41. 144. b367.c.
Sifenna fr.3o.
Socrates are $ toricus Eccles. 5o7.a.5II.4.
Solinus 3.pr.1.4.pr. 1. 219. b. 298.b. 381.d.
387, c. 388. d.fr. 29.30.31.4z.error frag.
I4.3.
Solomon's Proverbs.
223. b.
Sophonius Prophet fr.43.
Sophronius 2.4.pr.17.
Sozgmemus 5oI.c.
Spartianus 489.c.
Statins next 3.pr.14. 478. b.d. 483.d.
484,485. emendatur.484.c.486.c.536.b.
2.98.d. * ,.
Greek stele Ancona, an old and get out.
monimemtum 384.cilluflratur.ibid harmed.
482.d \.
Stephen J rbibus; 8. a.68o.b.fragm.
3I • 45.
Stobæi Phyfica improved 168.a.%.
85 a.456.c.477.d.59z.cfr.13.14.19 squinting.
2.6.28.3o.37.44.46.47.
Suetonius noted 2.2.9.c.444.a.461.a.469.
b. 47o. a. mistake. 472. d. 473. a. b. 475%.
479.486.d.
$ Uidus 235.d.z66. b.emendatur.419.a.b.5os.
a.bsr.15.43.
The Syrian Paraphras $ ing new Teílamenti 549}.
T.
Tab V SD 7ταιωιςά 454.
Tabulation Phænicia it. 933.
Cor.Ta ?.

Er. 169. a tacit. 469. mistake c.d. 47o. d.
471. d. 472 A.D also improved ibid.
4734.
• Jonathan moved it. 25.
Tatiamus 391.cfr.9.2.6.47.
Terence the comic 4I. £.
Fifty 7. pr. 12. 13. 418.c. d. 441.b.
471.c.481.b.698.c. 38.pr.3o improved.
4I9.4.56 1 .a.b.fr. 2.5.2.6.27.
Theodoretus 747.c.d.72.9.a.fr.38.
Bion fr.27.
Theqgnis fr.48.
Azoroy mathematical 413.C.496.c.
Azoroy fcholâ $ ing Arati 64.4.2.68.c.
Theophyli and right 25.pr.34.38.
Theophra £ lu 4.pr.12.31.dfr.z8.
History 29.b.3o.b.illufiratur 57. d.63.c.
4o6.c.
Tibullus 442.b.443.d.
Timochares fr.24.
Tranfaétio between Ludov. ßalbum Charles Cat.
mi. And his cousin, Ludovic.
5o2. d.
Tragus fr.41.
TZETZES 5.pr.22. fr.44.
TZETZES in Lycophronem 458.c.
pr.
J Eller Paterculi 356 errors, ibid.
} ^ Advantages epigraphs and monuments 11. D.18.
d. 476. c. 477, 48o. 481.48.483.48a.
498. error. 516.
} ^ Ieio Capua I6o.c.
/ Iétorinus cyclorum Pafhalium founder.
* I57.4.731.4.
} ^ Igilij bishop of Trent Epifiola depaf.
5. fione Sifinmj, martyrij & Alexander.
dr.
 19.pr.26.
/ ^ Igilij Epijlola encyclical of Pope zo.pr.1.3.
} ^ Promoter ßellouacemfis 519.c.
/ ^ Irgilius no understanding, 54.c.d. 187.b.z6 ,.
c.366.d378.b brings $ 44z.a.fr.27.31 ensues.
} ^ Itruuius 9.d.
J lpianus (ch. 6z.b.error.2.43.b.
J lpianus I.C. 437.cfr.37.
448.4} ^ Olfius Mæciamus.
.
X
10 P H O N O N £ 31 pr. 4o. 3.pr.5.418.b.
catachrefis. 41 1. c.d.
} ;.
5 A * * O 23. d. 174, c. fr.25.27.44.cor.
in fact and law. 174. d.177. b.2.35.b.448.a.477.d.
1Lud. J artomamnus fr.44.
Xiphiline 47o. a.475.b.48o.bsr.25. m.
experience. ibid.c.487.c.
· 2.
Zahar 1 as prophets 6o.b.fr.37.45.
2omaras 5o9.4.
2ofimus 299 d. 392.d. 486.b.497.c.erre.
res.497.d.
1 N 500 E 500 E X. XI
A T E R V 1000 E v e r b o R v M.
1000 1000 E O R A B 1 50 1 5 1 1000 100 H O N O P E R E.
1000 N 500 E E E O N A T 1
ΧΧ, B Air is epagomenae Abyssinians..
 % \ '@ 693 \ § 3 Abaziun faetio Muhammedano.
§® 5! Rum. 613.b.
L & S Abdalonim expugnatus from £% Alc.
xandro. fr.3o.
Aben Rasch in the Hebrew language conuerfis.
143.b.
Abissinorum language of Arabia. . 68o.c.
Why times of the Abyssinians of the burning iron derision. 682.d.
683.a.
Saturday never fast, except one.
683.c.
Disheveled expression to what is the ripest grapes from the wine of the Eucharist.
683.b.
What is lacking renew baptifmum day Temp.
uthjuiy. 683.d.
Postsolem occafum keep the Services. 684.
a.694b.69 * .c.
Delusions for years in the world and Christ. 7o4.b.
Abraham ifiaç R bat. st.48.
AbrahamÉÉÉÉ 289.c.d.
Aca resources and bear fit.46 focal war.
Acatlh. 3. The year wheels of Mexico. 226.
Acatlh. Canna.XIII. Day menfis Mexico 224.d.
Achab law Ithobal when we have started from the government.
fr. 297.
Yarrow tyrant 494.d.
Trouble flue Ochoa. 587.b.
A & A ball, a book of improvised 564.b.c.
A & iaca force and Oriya 453 • c.
AD IIII.EID. 174.a.
ADA, add a Rabbi, 6.pr.26.275.b.
Hadad, fr. 39.
Hadad, the common name for all Kings Grant.
mascenis fr.47.
Hadad, the Axumite king 682.a.
Adadrimon fr.45.
Adaerare 448.b.
Adan 577.c.
Month 577.c.
Adarefer the king of Zobah, fr.47.
Adarpahaschth 2. Finish the day menfis 2o7.a.
Ader by attempting st.47.
Adhar aban 1X. Finish the day menfis 2o7.b.
Bowed out of 698 knots b.
Adramut Pergamum st.31.
Adriatic marks as far as we understand it. 536.a.
Adu 131.c.d.644.b.
Innermost room in Egypt 295.d.
Aegyptij st.i1 tributary to the Babylonians.
Aegyptij Elkupt gods and I 18.pr.8.
Egyptian king Ptolemy gods and I st.47.
Aeneas Didonem ahead by 299 pr.8 39 years.
Aeolus year decimestris 173.b.
Æquingétia, fall unequally from one hip.


Page 281

a.b.
Aequin and hazelnuts, and in midsummer points and the jrra.
* * * calls 4.pr.zj.
Æquinoótium both through five annosçon2.
nobiljssimo a continuous mod'o Dan6.
observed 774.a.
Aequin and components observed in the autumn of Mt ,.
Hammed Albateni 424. b. Hipparchus.
5og.a. aPtolemæo 489.d.
Aequin and turn Gelala 3o4.b.c.
Aequin spring and turn the decisions Nicenoin 21.
March 337.
Dropping in number b.c.d.
47 • b • C.d.4.4.8.
ERA old Chaldean £ 4 ;.
Brass Hifpanica 445.c.
Serse fr.41 four seasons.
AErae three technician's Constantinopoii.
tanorum.
6.
Brass plnr. $ low numbers..
ERA highway, Augusta Imperial 3o4.d.
Elkupt brass witnesses. 495.d.496.a.b.c.
Conqueror of a new age of Cyrus Afiâ Ohalim.
institute.
ST.
Days Monday IÉ :.
Skies plural 447.d.
Ethiopia is almost absent from the Arab tongue $ '&.
Chaldaica.
68o.c.A G O N 8o.c.d.
A & iacu Nicopoli 6.
Augustal to Neapolis; 45; £;.
Capitolinus Domitians 4E.
Common Afiâ 476.d.479.a.
Chryfanthinus Sardium 476A.
Hadrianalis Athens §§.
Isthmicus 3AC.
Nemeacus 33.
Neronianus £ i.
Olympic pifa 6.C.
Smyrnae.476. d. Alexandria. place. ** During gami.
Panathenaicus AR;!;.
Piali Antonin Puteolis 6.c.X + 3.
Delphi Apollo 47: ;;:.
Sarthagine from Imp.Seuero inflitutus 481.b.
Sunday. 81.a.
Thematites.
AgrippaI N 500 E X.
AGRIPP meteorologist 475.d.
Ahafvveros 387.c.st.zo.
Ahnud XXVI. Finish the day menfis 2o7.d.
Akiba Doctor Jew for two successive years.
tercalauit io4.c.d.
Alaric army disasters% 14.c.
Albateni Ptolomee in keeping Aequin.
Hazelnuts and blames 289.b.
Alboin the Lombard king ό16.d.
Alexander Dulkarnaim, that is, Jiwp R & gods and us.
95.b.quare 425426.
The emperor Alexander Afiâ fàlutatus 4ii.b.na.
like it. . 416. b. Death 416. c. this year.
Darius won 41 o.b.philofophorum Chaldean.
He took a hint from non fr.11.
Alexander martyr. 19.pr.27.
Alexander's double io.pr.5.6 epoch.
455 • Alexandria, Augustus iecepta from.
The letters had been sent to Alcxandrina Ecclefiæ year.
1593 i8.pr.11.
Alexandria confulebaturde Easter.
You celebrating 155.a.
Other flow through a single l. 415.c.
Alienfis fight 413.d.
Alilat matters, and fawiz fr.27.
Alogiani 728.b.
Alon, the language showing f.3o.
Altar in Jerusalem, fr. 14. or garden;.
, according to the sacred grove, nor does it fr.15.
Alyattes Cyaxares be at st.14.
Amalek was deleted due 223.b.
Amat King of Egypt ruled for 35 years. 11.pr.5.9bit.
* 225 years Nabonassari ibid.
Amastris Georgian respect to the gods and the 391.c.
Amista & Ester same 4o.pr.14.591.c.d.
Amschir 24o.a.
Anchialus 4o.pr.12.
Andalus in Arabic Hifpania 623.d.
Andrews Mafij mistake 95.a.
Andreas & focij soldier killed in 3o5. 19.pr.xo.
Angari fr.17.
Angariae Jewish 65o.d.63r.
Aniran XXV. Finish the day menfis 2o7.d.
Annas the high 54o.d.
ANNV St.
Jewish plenty Io5.c.13o.c.
Adds mouth and give Hebrues 6.pr.26.17.b. his.
278. A method for starting. 176.
Ægyptiacus A & iacu 2.pr.11.236.a.b. Sec.
Gyptiaco NABONASSAR '2.pr.11.198.c.
Gyptiaco unpredictable 2.pr.13.14.
Æquabiiis greater 15.d.188.
Uniform and smaller Greek 13.a.11.d.
Albans 10.C.
Aricino 1o.d.
Alexandreus Babylon 97.fit.41.
 Alexandreus Syromacedonum 92.d.93.a.b. Sec.
Ararat 214.
Bound to any 284.b.
Attic old, from the beginning of the winter 41.b.c.
Attic newer midsummer 42.a.b.
Attic Digest 241.
Emperor Ægyptiacus 236.
Augustus 455.
Augustus Augsburg same 456.a.
Heavenly 261.
The new heaven and a most accurate of an edge.
  .
designated 9.pr.7.8.3o7.
Heaven Babylon with Parapegmata. 267.
43I.
Heavenly Muhammedano 27o.
Celestial Hemerologii 316.
Calippicus hall 84.
Calippicus Tetraetericus 28.c.
Calippicus Solaris 17.b.
Canicularis Ægyptiacus 2 pr.15.16.197.a.b.
Hollow Jewish 195.c.130.c.131.a.b.
Babylon Alexandreus 97.
Common Jewish Io5.c.13 ^ c.
Confusion Cæfarea 1 1 9.d.187 b.2.8.c.
Confusion 444 days 187.b.2.8.c.
Cynic 197 a.b.
Defer & iuus Jewish 103.c. 13o.c.i3i.a.b.
Democritus 17.c.
Diocletianea 2 PR 12.
Embolimaeus 14.b.34.a.
Emendatus a threefold kind, 173a. μτιμετύστως.
IAU "xjr. 29o. • μετιμττwawr & RWJ \ WME / R. 311.
seymuravov * & nu. '\ xwme / WJ. 173.b. he / Myina.
... ianuserìr. 183.
The Gauls, the ancient 169.a.
Gazenfium and earn a iacus 8. pr.33.
Germans store 169.a.
Greek 2.pr.30.31.3.pr.1.19.13.a.xx.d.ccclx !.
23.b.c.6i.b. days
Thanks 693.c.
Harpali 17 b.
Jewish store equable '22O.
Hegira 135.
Herodoti improvised 59.
"Hierophanticus flue Julian 284.b. 288.a.b.
Hipparchi 17.b.273.c.184.b.
Julian Hifpaaorum 145.
qu6 Iefus if Christ has been recalled from Egypt 54.
Iezdegird 2iQ.
Indian 1i8.d.119.a. Sec.
Louis 12.C.
Jews today fen a novice 111. arrifi.
ciofissima 7.pr.42. double his starting 15.pr.
3.4.42va.
Julian a.pr.15.19.2o. the foundation of an institution.
And Mouth 21.b.
Julian Egyptian Athenienfis 196 24 *.
Former Damascus 244 Damascus.
245, 145. In recent Hijpanorum juice.
The first day 245.

Page 282


military 24o. Samaritan. . 243.
Monday 4.pr.36.37.8. pr. 13.11.c.d. vfu at all.
At which time the T 119.a.b.cx the Jews, the Indians in the vfu.
Big Democriti 167, Hipparchi ic8. I.
4.pr.42.72 tones. Enopiâæ € 168 Phulolai.
166.
Tuesday 12.C.
Mercury I2.C.
Metonic orbit 72.77.a.
Mexicans XVIum menfium 1Q.c.224.
Nabonastari 198.
Nouusi. Pascal 6.b.
The new 385-44. a.b.
 OENOPIDES 17. b.
Orbinart Jewish io5.c 13o. c.
Philippeus Mcuonus 83.
Philolai 17. b.
Rome • 1 N 500 E X.
Of the Romans, the ancient 171. c.status from wrong.
tion twelve menfium I73.a.
Sabbaticus 2.pr.7.fr 31.
Jewish Sabbath first real 374.
Sabbaricus Samaritarum falfum 376.
Samaritarum orbit 114.d.116 a.
Saturday 12.C.
Semitah 374.d.
Sunday 2.pr.11.11.12.c.
Double solar War '&; ve / ouC xg, xg' τε / τ.
184.a.b.

"Solaris Ædda Hebrew st.53.17.b. Egyptian.
CUS 8.pr.iz. Alexandreus just to use.
fit.51 called Judas. Callippus 17.A Democriti.
17.c. Harpali 17.b. Hipparchi 17.a. Owen.
pidae 17.b. Philolai Pythagoreans 17.b.
THebans old 54.b.
Triccfimus, fuae you remember that at the beginning of the prophecy.
Unit Chapter Replace dcducendus 11.pr.3 ;.
34, Sec. fr.io.ii.
Tropic equable.
Tropic Gelala.
The Tropic of what has been rich in Hipparch.
134.b.
Hipparchus defined quantity of the Tropic of the year.
tã not ccy * ywm, ianuserì, Fed aeyiuv twice.
& »Riajwamprxh, 273.d.174.a.b.c.289.b.
5o3.d.
273.d.
Tuscan io.d.
Tyriorum 8.pr.31.438.a.b.
Friday I2.C.
Two years the most important kinds of the old 13.b.
Natural beginning of the year and popular 41.c.d.
Vpvtautia years; "4.pr.37.38.4o.
15. fimplices year.
AnniSolarisgenera 17.
No matter the lunar year civil war and a possible ratioiniri ,.
quaIudaeivtuntur 9.pr.5.6 beside it.
AnniTropici civil and Astronomicidisserentia 18.
a.b.

In autumn, the beginning of the year Orientalibusab 98.b.
Annorumxii Schaichun names of 161.
Anobreth fr.48.
Before diera 174.a.b.
Anthesterion 3o.b.c.d.
Antiochus spring / 429a.st.14.
Antiochus went? 375.b.
Antiochus sek 392.c.
Antiochus xtj & M Io7.c.
Antiochus zati? 392.c.
Antipater Herodisf. 463.c.35o.b.c.
Julia towers in Jerusalem fr.44.
Pius 489 c.d.
Anthony Viau Augustus 433.c. the murder of the civil.
454.a.b.
Maforitarum tips vocal in Hebrew.
st.35 invention.
Apollo icauit% VK 51.c.53.c.
When Apollo was born 51.c.53.b.c.
Apotome flue refide EPA and marigold vfus 156.a.
Wild boars Pfammiticho fuccedit 11. pr. 9. 1o. st.45.
After 25 years, the kingdom leaves Amafo fr.45.
April etymon. 184.c.
Apfeudes Archon. 76.a.
Ar 387.a.
Arab, two particular categories iio.d.
Araufio 25.pr.19.
Arbaces.
"17.d.z27.a.b.
Arbela. fr.4 ;.
Ark where the sub (titerit fr.44.
Arcadia reyoiAl "a 3.pr.io.i ;.
August Arcadij Death 583.d.
Archelai description 23.pr.15.16 patrimony.
Archelaus Tetrarcha Wienna Allobroguin relief.
asked.
 54o.b.
Ar of the £ a purist, a circle, and not, as is commonly accepted, it ihtel.
ligendi 186.b.c.
Areopagitæ 61.d.61a.
Arcs 587.c.
Aretæ pvaafxgu Arab 111.b.
Sri 587.a.
Aristarchus of Samos 282.b.
Aristophanis nephelia 8z.a.
Armalcar stream fr.15.
Arraphoth this mountain, at Mecca. • 100 I44.
Artaxerxes Longimanus 4rr.
Artaxerxes Memnon 4I3.
Artaxerxes & Artoxestes 87.a.
Artemifia first menfis Chaldean aaiia.
fr.41.44. .
Arth, Arth 587.b.
Artzibutzia 694a.
Afar \ 377.c.
Aschnad Rev. days menfis Finish 2o7.c.
Aschnud Matt Day menfis Finish 2o7.d.
AFIME. Emathites profit 663.a.
Afinan. xxrr, the menfis Finish 2o7.c.
Afobarioth 525c.
Afpandemad. Matt Day menfis Finish a37 d.
Afphandaramaz. V days menfis Finish ao7.a.
Queen to conduct 41.pr.4.17.18. & C.591.c.d.
Nini assure founder, the first king of the Assyrians tr.4.
Semiramis husband f.43.
Aflyriacum government in Greece anti books.
it unfair. 4o.
Assyriorum own names 577.
Astarte fr.17.18.39.
Astibares fr.4o.
Astyages fr.42.
Astyages gjus Mcdorumrex Interferon us anrit.
.pr.37.38.fr.41.Astyci fourth year of school y 35.pr.37 Έζ :.
Atergatis st.39.
Atergation st.39.
Athens is new, Adrian 48o.d.48ia.
Athenienfis xùtp, "xwpuxór on 7 January fr.41.
Athbasch Rabbis 578.b.
Atl. Aqua.ix days menfis Mexico 214.c.
The irruptions of Attila in Gaul, the 613.b.
Atzet 577.c.
August Vefunna Petrocorii 734.c.d.
Clermont Clermont 61} .D.
Augustusnatus Capricorn horoscopante 4434.b.
Catilinario commotion 443.b. His birth, no.
άurna the fententiam Suetonij 444.a.
^ £ birthday in two ways: They consider féciin.
um of the old that year, the Roman, and the emperor Julian the form of a.
44o.d.
Augustiexcessus 464.
Augustus is the first time Caefar $ falutátu.
456.a.b.
Augustalium foolish arrow. 476.c.
477.c.
Aurafio 25.pr.19.
Aurun the nation Cominia fi.xo.
v.
AufonijI N 500 E X.
 •.
Aufonij sung Confulatus' 513,.
Axurxes fr.2.
Azelus fr.47.
Azemilkus B fr.3o.
PAAL 578.c.fr.26.27.
JBaalefer 'fit.19.
Babylon Cyroexpugnata 31.pr.18.575.d. days.
fr.18.2z.ab summer Alexandria 367.c.fr. 4o.
not from the Semiramis, fed a Nabuchodonoforo.
surrounded by the walls of chain-work, 37.pr.4o.4i.


Page 283

14.41. unto him, a desolation, a threat to Efaia fr.18.
ίστέγ% WXYZ called 47.pr.4.fr.38.
King of Babylon incoming government changed.
names 58o.a.
King of Babylon in the Sufide could do nothing fancier ,.
except the right of Perfico 36.pr.38.
Babylon and false kings in the expeditionempro.
FE and burn children kings handing 13.pr.9.io.
Βabyloniæ generals and fuccessio later.
Nabuchodonoforum 578.579.58o.
Regñ start of Babylon of the Chaldeans notatain eclip.
Jerof side of obseruationib.ii.pr.25.a marked 11.pr.17.
Bacchus biennial 3.pr.8.22.
J} to 18 days menfis Finish 2o7.c.
Badri 695.c.
Badu.
 131.d.
Berodachbaladan fr.47.
Baleazarus fr.49.
ballat.
 577.c.
Balfàfàr is that Cyrus deux and the second is fr.17.
Balfafàr feu Laborofoarchodus during the banquet, into a reality.
gia Babel occifus fr.15.17.21.
Baltafar 578.c.579.d.
Baptifmi repeating vfus year 683.d.
A baptifmi Christ to refurreétionem paschatum.
unque f.54.
Baptift Christ in 15 Tiberij f.54.
BarCephæ Syrian departure 95.a.
Bari 'fr.44.
Ecbatane medium-fortified citadel bans 37.pr.12.
Bafil Elidenfium 283.a.
Bafilidiani hæretici 554.c.st.38.
Batutakphat 132.b.645.a.
Baelzebub fi.26.
Behemen, 2 days menfis Finish 2o7.a.
Behiram, 16 days menfis Finish 2o7.c.
Behiram elkabir, elzaguer 144.b.c.
Behiram Arraphot I44, 100.
Fel.
 577.c.
Ibel, the Babylonians 578.b.c.579.a.fr.18.
Beladan 393.a.394.b.579.d.
Bell Nabuchodonoforo taken from the temple.
Syrian triumph, may leveled Xer.
xes renews Alexander fr.iz.
Belt 577.c.
Give the surname, the belt is not a prior member,.
nielis fr.zo.
IBeltis Juno fr.2o.26.
Beltischatzar 578, c.
Pelus Jupiter fr.2o.26.
Eelus of the Tyrians, the Babylonian Belus by far the dissert.
Rum 578.c.d.
Western monks blessing us father dies.
536. 19.pr.38.39 year. Sec.
St.47 palaces.
Beroe fr.4o. * I *. *. ".
Berofiis 392.b.c.eius treated ibid.c.fr.9.
Bertrand Saint concentrated on 619.a.
Beirut fi.4o.
Bethabara 553.d.
Bethavven fr.26.
Beth fr.26.39.
Bethfemes fi.44.
Bifextum 23o.d.
Bifexti correctly yo. 23o.d.231.a.46i.a.
Boedromion menfis i £ afl; iou g 4.pr.19.34.b.c.
Unforeseen fr.38.
Bonzij laponenfium coenobitæ 21.pr.36.37.
Immolated Iaponenfium period 19.De.
Bofra fr.3o.
Winter is the beginning of the year attics and Roman 75.b.
Bruti Confulatus 4o3.
Bui menfis fertile 222.a.37I.c.
# Fr.; O.
Busta fr.3o.
Byblus st.4.
Byrfâ focal f.3o.31.
100.
CABvR. fr.15.
Heaven Karthaginienfis fr.26.27.
Propeptic 21.pr.1.2.
Caelimontanis the nation Verginia fr.zo.
Supper dimifHoria 571.c.
Supper pure 7.pr.24.25. & C.569.c.
Caefare killing 44i.
Calecut and its serse 525.
Calippica phase Selcucidæ & Seleucidarumíe.
dicto Jews VFI 6.pr.23.2.4.fr.53.
Callippus 85.b.
BOOT start Caefare 466.
The calluses house, 3 days menfis Mexico zi4.c.
The calluses first year of 225,226 wheels of Mexico.
Camarines fr.11.
Cambyfis start 4oz.
Cambyfis kingdom, how old it 15.pr.15.
Golden r.24.
Atit two golden in triumph, du & A.
st.14.
Canon version of Easter and an edge Nicephor.
ro Gregom 332.a.
Fidelity Chronologici Eratosthcnis approved.
378.d.
She Jewish notion of double 548-.
Capraria Valley concentrated 618.c.
Captiuitates kings of four 575.a.
Babylonian Captivity head whereupon you please.
19.pr.19.3o.pr.33.fr.15.16.
The hinges 4.pr.27.
The hinge summer 4.pr.29.
Jewish law for an old song fàlutandi.
* p & ov avxwn.
 Ioz.d.
Benediétionis be an old song 57.c.d.
A song vetust. fraétionis bread 572.c.d.
Charles Tudes, fine Martel of the captain of the France,.
62i.d.
Carthada 4o.pr.18.
Carthaginienfiüm disasters memory 417.a.
From Ilijexcidio to Carthage 299 anni.
39.pr.7.
Carthage has been deleted in abVrbe códita 6c6.38.pr.j;.
Replace the gods & TA 4o.pr.18.19.
Cafi Cazi foreign or Turkish I44.c.
Cafilar bchiram phase Pilgrim 144.c.
XXX. CafleuI N 500 E X.
Cafleu fedes íapíavor Jewish Io5.c.
Caflus Samaritan Solaris 2.43 • 100.
Catalaunicum field 613.c.
Catholic season 78o.c.
Cattalani field 613.c.
The reasons Jersey priùawr as before and aicr ovaluéì * 32i.d.
Ce, the first language of Mexico 216.c.
Ceihpoalli, vigefimus ibid.d.
Cenforinus the time of writing 2oi.c.33.c.
Cenius Jewish st.15.
CHART 399.b.
Chad 577.d.
Chaiala or Chaiadonai Jews and issimum fan.
iufiurandum 4o.pr.1o.
The horsemen years counted from the care of old.
not from the beginning of Ninus and of Nimrod f.4o.4i.
The horsemen philofophi a lot of grace and authority.
and the king could fk.II.
Chaldaice.i.mathefis '' st.iz.
Chaldaici end 35.pr.2o command.
Chaldeans own names 577.
Chaldean epoch 97.43i.a.b.c.f.4o.41.
Chaldean epoch never recovered in vfus.
Welsh 5.pr.7.8.43i.b.c.
Ur of the Chaldeans, and the Chaldeans, they race ,.
but fàpientcs and philosophy of Babylon faepiùs.
mean fr.II.
Charaeter necessary temporfbus notable zi.a.b.
Chart & eres years wandering in the Egyptian 2.pr.13.14.
Chart & heavy Epoch other natural, civil, and others.
2.pr.5.


Page 284

<).
Chen 577.c.
Chialis. 4o.pr. 2.
Chicoace, fextus, lingua Mexicana 22.6.c.
Chicome, seventh. ibid.
Chiconaui ninth ibid.
Ch: Cueia Oh and grandfather, ibid.
China for China improperly Hifpani Ii8.c.
Kevar stream 399.c.
Kevar preferred us & Alexander 399.c.
Chobar Tfiue Film Venus Arab Dee 12o.
a.138.b.52o b.f.17.
Choramah 10 dies menfis complete.
Chofroes 523.c.
Christ vibis years through the years to deliver 16.pr.i ;.
22.pr.23.24 the time of Christ's birthday. Sec. 541, 542.
fr. 58.59. out of Egypt, the recalling of a fr.54. baptifmi.
fr.39.passionis time of year and day of 23.pr.8.28.
pr.41.561.a.b u.
Christian tortured by Nero when 47o.471.
Christ preaching to start 355.b. How many years.
predicted 552.a.
Chtistus immersed in 74.Iuliano 23.pr.8.non.
ipfas cross on a festival of Passover 7 28.pr.37.
Chronic bear fr.43.
The chronology of the period of years necessary to 798o.
Iulian 2.pr.24.15. Sec.
2o7.b.
577.c..
Chuschan.
Cicero joke of the year Julian 23o.b.
Cinquipul 7o3.a.
Cipaάli. Xiphias. 1 day menfis Mexico aa4.b.
Chaeroneia disasters to 417.c.
Carthaginienfium disasters in Sicily 417.a.
6.pr.1 blast of a trumpet.
Claudij start Cæfaris 466.
Cleostratus of the first year or the Greeks and an orbit 1 ;.
).

c.eius O & unlimited orbit 15.c.64.b.primus Greece.
Oh, and despise those parts of the signs noted 64.c.
267.a.283.b.
Coautli eagle, 15 days menfis Mexico 224.d.
Cobar Fr.i ;.
Collatia nation Tuscania fr.zo.
Column of gold in the temple of Zeus Tyrij fr.18.
Comet Christmas Magisprænütians 55o.a.
Calculate I.pr.24.625.a.
Calculate the vtebantur years old times.
Chaldean coming from the first Nini, who does a.
Nimrod fr.4o.4i.
The computer the most monks 736.
Jewish calculator 616.
Constantine Copronymus 525.
Constantine the Great start 1o. pr ;. Sec. 5oa.
• 51o.a.383.c settings.
Constant & vicennalia zi.pr.5 five years.
Constantij Chlori setting zo.pr.11.23. & C.5oo.à.b.
384.a.b.
Constantij Constantine P. setting 5iz.
Constantinopoleos dedication. 5o8. Topic gene.
thliacon 509.b.captc from MuhammedeTurca 529.
Consult first Rome when we were 386.d.
Confulatum eat anything 39o.b.
Consult and school functions, ibid.
Confulares Chronicle 611.b.
Consult with the days in the annals digested Julian 38; c.
4o5.a.
Jews call the number, and epochs.
Seleucidarum from 653.b.c.d.654.
And yo over the old contract marked Quirinalib.
& Menfe known Romulus 395.c.d.396. a.item out.
At Clage 300 Fabian 415.b.c.
* Companies paa; Tai 57o.d.
Fillet port occupied by Dido fr.3o.
Coualt. Snake, 5 days menfis Mexico 224.c.
Heaven neck 17 4.c.
Couellus, not from the Latin voice of 174.c.
Cozcaquahuti. Facts. 16 diesmenfis Mexico.
214.d.
Erœft caught by Cyrus 575.d.
Ctefias when he lived fr.42.
Cuezpali.Lacertus.IV days menfis Mexico 114.c.
Io.Cufpinianus an informed, he saw.
Cuthites Samaritans 66i.a.b.
Median Cyaxares st.14.4o.4z.
Ceres. • fr.z7.
9yclus Sunday z.pr.6.359.b.c. Monday z.pr.6359.b.
Aegap cycle / wvwv xg, ue7τρε7vaiwr 322.
Roman solar cycle starting from the letter pairs.
Why G F *, 359.c 5o7.c.
The cycle of the moon veterumSaxonum 17o.b.c.
The cycle of Easter, Alex 154a. Eufebij.
355.d.156.a. West flue Latin 156.
b.Dionyfij Exigui 161.c.d.
The cycle of Easter fiihre, 165.
Roman solar cycle beginning \ '359.c.
Easter is the beginning of the cycle 36o.a.
Vitiofò contributed to improved cycle Sunday ... ;.
9yclus NABONASSAR per cycle expanfa 2o4.
Cypfelus tyrant 4.pr.2.3.
Cyrene in Libya when it was founded fr.56.
Cyrenaeorum numifimata 426.
Cyrus the Great start 4oi.d.
Diuerfa beginning of the year. Io.pr.7.
Paedia 31.pr.41 year. & Feq.pag.
CyrilliI N 500 E X.
êyrilli homily, the bishop of the gods and the birth of the loan.
Baptist 19.pr.34 end.
Cyrus ύμίνG 37.pr.34.ss.zo.
Cyrus perfomed T.2O.
When Cyrus have started from 9.pr.29.3o.39 rule.
pr.xi.fr.33.36. vfiius by the perfidy of the king of some number of years.
Before cafum Astyagis 9.pr.37.ss.42. together with.
There was given unto Darius the Mede reigned fr. 11. Euphrates.
channel in diuerfis part derived Babylae.
nios, nothing like that to them that fear seizes her, fr. 21. na.
bonidum 34 pro wins. 16.31. TAKE gods.
35.pr.1 rushes. Sufianam debcllat 35.pr.3.4.5. discharges.
35.pr.26. .
£ Cyrus smaller 413.c.
D.

.
ID CH 577.d.
Daef fertile menfis Chaldaicus from the flood.
by harsh fr.41.44.
IDagon fr.39.
Dai 587.b.
Hadad, the kings of Damascus called fr.47.
We humbly 8o.ânno captiuitates fuse scripfit caputX.
37.pr.22.
We humbly Sufianae fàtrapes.
fr.zz.x ;.
IDarij Codomannus the back of Perfarum disasters.
36. Pr. 3o.31.37. pr. 19.
the village of Gaugamela 589.b.
Darius Hystapis P. 4o3.
Darius the Median took the same as the Nabonidus 34.pr.34.
58o.581.582.583. fr.15.2o.21.
Darius the Mede, son of Astyages, or the same as the Cya.
Xaris 31 pr. 6. & feq.pag. Balfafare interfeetor in.
taking his place, is called the 33. pr. 15.16.38.39. fr. 21.11.
Im the king of the Medes, was not with Babylon raised.
tried to seize it. 11. 13. Cyrus was not.
it began. 11. shrunken away from Cyrus and the citadel.
Boifippenam runs 34.pr.35. The campaign cam.


Page 285

pr.21.41.
How many years has been 13.pr.17 killing Bastard in the kingdom.
Darius Nothus under a prophet Zechariah 42.pr.17.
Darius Nothus 43.pr.3.4.412.b.c.
Datha 587.a.
Prior IDauid flue Guardian Monks A.
bissinam 684.c.
Debidin 19 days menfis Finish 2o7.c.
IDecennalia commanders 5oi.ab.
IDecimestrem a year, with the ancient habits of the Romans, pu.
'Settlement ridiculous 172 c.d.
IDeclinatio Sunday decreases the end of any variants.
287.c.d.
Athenienfis voted in favor of Zeno.
6.C.
Pên Athenienfis into the grace of Hyrcanus in the Iu.
The first day ethnarchae 47.b.2.64.b.
IDehamhar 12 days menfis Finish 2o7.b.
Deioces Media tyranny attacks f.42.
Idei 174.d.
Deius Jane, who later Dciuiana and Deiana 174 .D.
Deius shops all 175.a.
To the shrine of Jupiter Olympij of all ages.
Græciae calendar complex 355â.591.b.
Demetrius Phalerum totstatuas obtained is, how many.
we have the light, and the year was acquitted 23.d.
Derceto fr.39.
Defultor menfis 14b94.d.
Dibadar 8 days menfis Perßci 2o7.b.
Dido of Carthage 38.pr. zz. fr.3o. Co.
Thon takes over and protect the SS. O. How many years.
After the scaffold has been 39 pr. 8. Replace the gods and 4o.
pr.z.ss.31.
Didrachmis fr.25.
5. diuifio day. b. c. A fruitful overcome 4.d.
5. a.
173.d. from the middle of the Romans, from the beginning of the day, no &
A civil Jew start of the day. 12. a. diuifio nature.
• suit 5.b.637.a.b.
Mexico appeals days menfis 224.b.c.d.
Menfis Perfarum titles zo7 days.
An appeal from a planet oldest 46 days.
r.35.
£ 500 natural and civic 6. a. Fast, etc., black ,.
religiofi, and just intercifi. 6.C. Exaerefimi it infects.
Titij 6.C.
7.pr.1z a great day.
The heroes are named 6.b.
Stop the week and why are appointed by the gods. 6.C.
Stop the week and finished Turkish '8.a.b.c.
Day 9mnis intercalation religiofa & nefastus.
It was 18o.a.
Df; u & Luna enneadecaeteridos iuliani.
18.b.
Diluuijtempus 371.b.fi.44.
Diluuij tartar of wine, and the year of the Hebrews, there was not a Lu.
nose zzo.c.d.
Dinarad 20 days menfis Finish 2o7.c.
Diocletiani double 1o.pr.6 epoch.
Diocletiani homogeneous and u traded volumes 18.pr.21.
Diocletiani start is by air, Marty.
18.pr.14.496.b.c.d.
Diocletianea dropping in Martyrs 17.pr.38.1} 6.b.494.
Dionyf triple Athens 29.a.b.c.
Dionyfius cramped when the care cycles of writing.
161.b.c.
Dionyfius mathematical 268.a.b.
Dioscoros menfis 94.d.
The horsemen Dodecaeteridas be less wherewithal to begin.
fi.41.44.
Dodecaeteridos year nameless animals.
5.pr.11.12 named. & c.ioo.b.c.d.ioi.
Domitianus Caefar 475.c.d.
Is added to the house of the Cities, not countries of the vtdomo.
Carthage, Sec. > 'Fr.31.
Donatistae 22.pr.6.
Dofithei Castigationes diary and the EU.
O & taererida orthodox 71.d.
Two keep the continuity of life 643.d.
É.
Hamedan never have appeared before the Babylonians.
• 37.pr.16 time of year.
Eclipfis Monday 18.pr.26. Sec. 49.b.56. b.8o. d.81.a.
9i.c.d. 91.a.b.186.b.323.b.394. c. d. 396.c.4oa.c.
4o3.a.b. 42o.b.c.d. 428. a.435. a.463.b.c.465.b.
467.c.496.c.561.c.584.a.b:.
Eclipfis Sunday 81.b.c.i86.b.387.b.388.b.d.389.a.b.
395.a.b.c.4o7.c.4io.d. 4II.b. 428.a.466.d.468.b.
492.b.5io.c.d.5ii.a.561.b.579. c.6ii.d.6i2.d.6i3.a.
6i7.a.6zo.c.
The third, the language of the Mexican 216.c.
Elder, that is, Pres. fr.17.
Ellis fast Abissinorum 27i.b.
Xxx i EliaßbI N 500 E X. I.
Eliafib high 43.pr.29.
Elidenfium xùtpr * "WPIX) on 8 July fr.41.
Elif whereby the dieter 4o.pr; i.fr.31.
Elif flight st.19.33.
Elkupt Aegyptij 18.pr.8.
Elufö, generally Laufer 24.pr.33.
Elzarakeel Astrologer 187. d.289.d.
Elzaphi Astrologer 289.d.
Embolifmus. See ίμ £ Woude.
Feast of the Maccabees 435.
Solomonic Temple dedication 38i.b.fr.54.
Roman feast and lavish gifts.
the bus kept 5oi.b.
Enneaeteridas three successive celebrâtDelphi 51.d.
Enneadecaeteris Metonis 727374.
Enneadecaeteris Tropica 18.b.
Enoch was born in the year of World 7o2.a.
Henoch week celestial symbol 7o2.a.
Epaátæ seapatwsar post Patip * 7wauor 322.
EPA ae castigatae 333.C.334.
EPA ae Nicenæ 341342.
EPA & marigold vfus nuperus was invented by Christians.
The laryngeal 134.c. Their method is in.
Roman to 778.
Epagomenae fuo in place to complete the luxabatur en.
thronifimo new kings 195.b.c.
Epaphus son Ifidos 39i.d.
Ephemerae Abi'jah just before conception.
John Baptist fi.54.
Epiphi "39i.d.
Epiitola Gamaiwf football ov ^ * 9 & vêpora comment.
third fr.2.8.
What epoch 2.pr.2.358.b.
The epoch of what it ought to 12. pr.ii.
The epoch housed in a civil vfu years, 8 days of July 4.
* P.32.33.
EIA Jews artificial 361.c. Constant.
nopolitani Easter 363.c. Moon 364.b.
Back from some epoch noted lubti.
When the 2.pr.26.27.
EPOCH yraeíauare & Charm & eres 3. pr.4.5.
Eratosthenis fententia to grab all of the llio.
best 379.c.d.
Eratosthenis diary for O & aeterida Endo.
x 72.a.
Eres 387.c.
Efau fi.18.
Efquilini the nation Hbbminia 'fr.zo.
Eifæi fen Esseni clothing. 21. pr.4o4. pr. to.ii.
11.538.a.b. Replace the gods and i. ibid. An Christian Fue.
21.pr.11 crisis.
Ester 592.c.587.a.
Ethanim menfis 22.a.369.a.


Page 286

c.
Eucherius Stilichonis Vandals was born in Rome.
• 33 pt.i.
Eudonis for Audon ss.32.
Eudosso 69.a.b of O & taeteris 4.pr.39.69.a.b.
Eutefis feast Ægyptiacum 7o.c.d.
Eufebj written with a strike and a legend 21 pr.3;. ;; 7.
And so on.
Evvilmerodach away captive Jeconiah the out of the dungeon it leads forth the year.
37. The beginning was delivered to its fi.14.
In the first Exodus, 22, was menfis 2 £.
fr.49 approved.
A Coaditu of things belonging to the exodus and how many years there 15.pr £ ;.
& Nord & wdámus 484.b.c Gordians Caef. start.
Hezekiah was a 13 year Sabbaticus Š. .
Hezekiah year for the first 14 weeks, £.
Batica st.49.
Ezekicl prophcta Babylon and us losing 399.b.
F
I resisted the beans 184.c.
Fabian Luperci 396.â.
Yielding 612.a.
Faramund not Waramund. 611.a.
For faster faster '5oi.d.
Capitolinorum calendar Palilia are Cato.
387.b.
February 28 days' intercalaris radiation.
14.d.
Happy African Bishop & focij its fupplicia.
In Campania assecūtus 18.pr.1.
Feralia 243.
On 6.c.775.d: 776.
The first day of the week, or day of the week, it is customary incident to the 6.pr. fexta
3.4. Sec. .
Fcriae reiiculae years of Jewish life inßituendo 1 deg.
c.644.b.c.
Older planet appeal of vacation hours.
vfu 135.b.c.
Jewish tranflatio 5.pr.26.27.151. By tötuma.
Wednesday translate cauflas for only Tifie ,.
but not for the sake of others, mcnfes 5.pr.37.38.
Bishop Ferreol Vcetenfis 35.pr.17.
Tartars feast of white I6.c.
Fiars for Phoebadii 24.pr.12.
Firmin Vticenfis 15.pr.13.
Florin Priest heretic 729.c.
River royalty 399.b.c.
The fountain at the gate of Capena, in the fr.15.
Fontinalia fi.x ;.
Fratria 477.d.
The fruit uofus & focij things in Christ.
160 Dionyfiano 19. Pr.II. Sec.
G.
Gada fillet ss.; O.
Gadir, p «» μός, fepes fr.3o.
Galba Imp. 471.c.d.47 start and there was a.
Garazim 43.pr.18.19.
Gatrad 131.a.644.c.d.
Gaugamela 42Ia.c.fi.45.
Gawdy Phoebadii Bishops fuccedit AAE.
pr.25.
Gaza also noted 11.d.z3. all 28.De 19.a.
£ 46 in Gaza City.
Gazenfium reward of a year and iacus 8.pr.3 ;.
Gazul a Libyan 137.c.
The twin Confuli 23.pr.37.
Ethiopia lid 7o3.c.
Germans store a $ seasons.
sleeping with the lights of the,, or plenilüfiio 169a5.
The Germans, with the decrease in the moon, there is nothing undertaking.
169.b.
Gibaltark the mountain of the way to the Strait of Gibraltar, Whence.
& US 611.b.c.
Side of Gihon, in the same 371.a. the name of the two rivers,
Giuli 17o.b.
6 Gedali'ah fast pr.e.
492.a.
Greek N 500 E X.
© RAECI Now by year from winter midnight 75b.
"The most ancient Greeks for several years, the company & O.
Day intercalabant 298. b.
Craeci the form of the same to all of the year, at the time ,.
Abefita & cyclo much discussion 47.a.
"Gratiæ`domus 555.c.
Crate Tibcrij manager 54o.c.d.
Gunthram Aurelianorú King 24.pr.37.616.c.d.
H.
Haddon 377.c.
Hadramuth, Hadramytus. st31.
Hadreanech it. 3.
Adrian Aug 488.c. Why Waldo called.
48o.c.
Hadrianali, games 478.d.
Hagri, hagarena III.2.
Hale Hifpan Rabbi of 279.a.587.b.
JHammilcar fr.38.
Hannibaal 578.d.
Haribertus Parfiorum King '616.c.
Harmageddon fr.45.
IHarmonia 344345346,347,348 years.
Harmony menfium 349.
Haschnusch XXXdies menfis Finish 2o7.d.
Hafdrubaal 578.d.
Hafnunim 436.d.437.a.
Hauarija: 68o.a.
Haudoni fr.31.
Hauc, haue f.32.
Weeks of Daniel passion and here.
rosolymorü euerfionem cöpleétuntur 44.pr.4.5.
} Weeks of Daniel Epilog are becoming real 6o7.a.b.
Replace them start 43.pr.36.37.6oi. the bedding.
3Hebdomades Henoch 7oi.d.7oz.a.
Jewish Exodus 371.
Hebraifmusapud of Daniel not animaduerfus.
half of the seven: Nana 6o5.b.c.d.6 ^ 6.a.b.
Hebrew r) R & vvxSvue divided into four parts.
5 a.637.a.b.
HECATAEUS Abderites when he lived fr.24.
Hecataeus Milefius fr.14.
Hecas Aët. 2 days menfis Mexico 224.c.
What Hegira '* 136: a.
 ÉÉÉÉtetis Hippolytus, 152, 153.
Heleb ancient law 198.â.
Heliopolis f.44.
Heliotropion y.a. a meton dedicaturn 73 d.76.â.
289.a.
Hemerologium celestial 3'6.
The Hemerobaptistae 339.c.
Heptaeris $ Solaris. 2.pr.14.
IHetcules tutelare power Tyriorumi it. 28.
Herculij Aug.caedes 497.d.
Herib 577.c.
Herod magnus45o. His death 16.pr.3o. & FEQ.
46, b. puei infants to be killed by 549.d.559 and in a.
Herod's son Antipatcr inviriliaetate cgfus 55o.b.c.
Cause known nursed John's 555.
Hevvil * 577.c.
Hevvilmerodach 34.pr.f.4oi.c.
Hiero, even out of the public caenabant 457.a.
Hierophanta Aegyptij 194.b.391.b.
Hierophanta Athens. . r78.d.
Hierophanta Elidenfium Basil. 39: a.
Having captured by Antiochus Epiphanes 584.a.
b.c.d.ab Eupatore 431 a Herod 3-5.a.4; o ,.
c. by Nabuchodonoforo 4oo.d. 4oi.ä. A point.
peio 451.a.b.452.a.st.57. Titus 474.
The city on the whole of the east of Jerusalem, ornamiéri.
Then fr.24.
It happened in the fall of Jerusalem was a Christian.
STI 70 Dionyfiano 19.pr.7.
Hilary Sardinian bishops are to 16o.b.
Hildcbertus Parifienfiuim King 615.c.
Hilperich Suessones King 616.c.d.
Hipparchus first of all uaricam xiryoragonway.
He noticed that 284.a.
Hipparchus a e / x "AWS * io8.c.
Hipparchi free ® and navaiv xpàv 273.c.d.


Page 287

d.
Hiro 38.pr.3i.ss.39. From $ Eupolemus a pair of calls.
st.28 be. Solomon's letter to the county.
* Lied ibid.
Hlodovvin flue Hlodovveus King of France.
612. a. His death 614.d.
Hlotarius Suessones King 615.c.
Honorij 6. Confulatus 5t5. 7. Confufa.
tns 516.
It 4.c.d.
Of the Hours of the old vfus no one 4a.135.b.
Diuifio hours before Computorum founders 5.c.
All these old clocks * I * O and NO ionume // 2, Gia.
on this side the quidé of the summer, the Romans, the winter 41o.a.
In the garden Opisthonais images fr.25.
Penfiles Nabuchodonofori fr.13.14 garden.
No garden beside the altar of Jerusalem.
fr.25.
Hramnus 616.b.
Hyperberetrus Solstitialis Greece shall see.
whether 49.c.d.411.a.
Hyperberetaeus Autumnal Alexandreus Coalition.
Macedonia 49.c.d.412.a.424.d.
Olympic Hyperberetaeus by D Alexandrcq.
· The 41Z.
1.
IAbdvAs high 43.pr.3o.583.c.
Iuh /. 13i.a.
Jane Moon, 174.c.d.
Cluf Janus and Janus Patulcius 135 d. 294a.
Janus sun 175.a.
Iaponenfes menfibus of the Moon that for seasons, and in describing it.
outright 118.d.
ί •.
iafonis Cyrenaeans stories of Jewish books V.
Xxx 3 Iiay.
432.b • • *.
The LBA 437.d.
Iberia double st.19.
Icofipentaeteris Iezdegird 11.
Icofipentaeteris orbit 1.pr.14.
On the advantages 11.d.
Iechohias. • • 399.a.b.
We deem that the East by four Ecclefia.
Rum '697.d.
It is a fast Elias 27i.b.
Fast-Codolias 6.pr.1.
Ieiuinium a great thing. . 697.d.
Philip fast 271.b.698.a.
Ierombal. . . . "Fr.4o.
Egypt reuocattis velocity. . fr.54.
The murder of the King of perfor 146.d.vmo.d. Iezdegird
Iezdegird Icofipentaëteris £ 2 £.
Patriarch Ignatius of Antioch 95.a.ioi.aI N 500 E X.
Ijar beginning years of Jerusalem.
in the time of the son of Simon Hyrcanus in the i6.pr.57.38.
 436.d.45o.c.d. .
llijexcidium 15 pr. 19.34.376. b. c. pleniluniq.
captured. 377.d.
IndiTÆthiopes 681.b.c.
Indian & Muhammedistae, only a number of years.
, did not at the time they discourse of 119.a.b. menfe.
Moon that the bus ride 118.d.
Indian & yo 2.pr.7.21.pr.7. & FEQ. 5oi.a.b. Consistency.
tinianaTibidemi. Arcadia Honoriaci Va.
lentiaca 5o4.b.
Indian elegance and the start of the three 3o3. c. vfus triple.
5o5.c.
fndios & yo pontiffs, emperors 563.c.5o5.c.
A method Indiétionum 783.
The beginnings of Babylon of the Chaldeans for observation.
adjustment of the ecliptic, marked 11.pr.15. by berof.
27 marked.
Ihite kings diuerfa 1o.pr.4.5.
Fifi headband Samaritan into Arabic 663.c.
When interamna Colon derive 385.c.386.a.
Intercalatio 619.c.d.
Intercalation time with the Greeks 1 i.a.33.c.
The method of intercalation in Rome, according to caprice of Pontus.
barked a standstill 184.d.185.a.
Intercalation olden days religiofa & fupersti.
• tion: 18o.a.
Intercalaris menfis Roman radiation xxv111 day.
Then 177.c.d. 178.b.
jealous of Inuidiofò 484.b.
John the Baptist's birthday it. 59.
Ion. (Ufpinianus a eruditiss. 4o4.c.
Jojada great-Iofue 43.pr.3o.
Jehoiakim King of when the bonds conieétus.
fi.io II.
Jehoiakim son Iofue.
43.pr.29.
Jonathan, the grandson's grandson, Iofue 43.pr; 3o.
 Iofedek 43.pr.6.
Iofue son Iofedek 43.pr.29.
Iphitus Praxonides son 382.c.
• Ifombaal. fr.2.
trom 38.pr.8.17.26.ss.29.33.
Trom Phoenix "fr.26.
Ifaacus Abraham's son uoro% r fr. 48.
Ifaac Argyrus the celebration of Emendationc 327.
Ifelastici contests • 477.b.
Ifidis ship menfe March 7o.d.
Ifis st.17.
Ifraelis 149.b.
Isthmian games and Nemeaca the biennial:.
pr.18.19.33.c.d. not be an interval of five, as he said,.
Solinus 4.pr.1.2.
Ithobaal 38.pr.38.36.39.pr.io.fr.II.29.33.35.36.
The Jews of the jubilee vfurparunt iípí33.
fententiis restrained, and this change is st.34.
Jubilee mention Nufquam but in the 1z.pr.13.
Jubilee finding system 782.d.
The Jews are not called cyu 31.pr.1.
of Judea, nor by scourging, nor by threats to the dams in pof • £; Belo to repair the "him.
I2.
The Jews under Alexander the fuccessoribus mill.
 taut 'fr. 11.
J said recent Solymi why he had called st.iz.
. Jews have a five and igalis fr.25.
Jews once they celebrate Easter twice a year.
I2.4.2l.
We deem that the greatest of the two prohibitions concerning iiii county.
mission tranfigebant 571. c.
In ancient times the Jews, how the day diuidcbant.
123.a.d.
The Christians accused Jews of merit be the only reality.
And observing Easter and accounting services.
154.b.c.326.a.b.362.d.
Jews fupcrstitiofa Tekupharum concentration.
638.d.639.a.b.
Jewish year Alexandreus 429.
He calls the fr.io. Herodotus, the Syrians, the Jews,
Iudaicæ captiuitates four 575.a.
Julian Anfir Jews of today are the start of a xxvi MAR.
tiV 114c.
Jewish solennium summa diuifio the Lega.
lia & Politics 648.c.d.649.a.b.c.
[Udaicum tax fi.25.
Jude Gaulanitis $ 4o.a.
Macabæus fr.14 scenario.
Judith formal Æthiopicura 696.b.
Iulianae first kalends 438.
Julian the Apostate start 511.
July 8 was the epoch housed in a civil vfu years.
4pr3233.
Lulius Firmicus in the time of Constantine the Great.
625.a.b.
Brutus O $ .4o4.4ος. Sec..
This heavenly 4o3 4o4 • CCL ;.
Iupitet Ammon cornntns 416.
Heliopolites bring on a tray carried colony. 8.
Jupiter Olympic fr.

Page 288


ing; Tire -then he allowed unless nwriw £ pxus 4o.pr.5..
r.28.
Iufiurandum as is customary in Egypt.
quabilis protection and fiüfiquam intercalation.
295. d.296.a.
Izcuintli. Dog. 10 days menfis Mexico zz4.c.
Κ.
CIP abA it.} 1.} :.
Moon first intercalary 177.d.
Κalendæ all facras 7.c.
the number of days from the first day of fùperefTènt PON.
Calabro, a High Court 174.b.
Moon Fabariae 184.c.
Moon first Star. 438.
$ Deepening March Matronalia Saturn 173.a.
Calendar jury. After a few weeks of tribatum.
Times Theodofij fenioris * 234.C.
Κaiaphas high soaá.
CALL IANA Novell 174.b.
Kana 587.c.
Karkafia City 399.C.
Karnes 15.pr.4o full moon festival. eodeman.
no Qug 16.pr.1.2 Olympics.
Charles fit.y.
149. A Karrar Jews. d. kneading Sadducaeus.
tulnn.
   15o.a.
Karrar moons of Vifione Monday obsèrtìant.
15o.a.
Karthada fr.31.
How Pœnis facing diaar 4o.pr.18. When founded 4o • pÉ¤ ;.
Carthage 1 N 500 E X.
Rarthago, City games, "y //» tiai it. ** Top 31 '.
fr. 32. ol / 3o. ibid. Chaedreanech. ibid.
The Carthage numifmata aeywg ivrov f.31.
HKau 587.c.
Kinnuah 572.a.
Κis Benjamin 592.a.
Κorban Tire and Sidon oath.
4o.pr.6.ss.18.
Ku 587.c.
(Upti Aegyptij Christian 239.c.d.7o5.c.d.
L.
1 in cash for retirement and settled 384.c.48.d.
5oi.d. 5o2.a.
Realizing stoops fr.15.
Laborofardach. 579.b.c.fr.zi.
iLaborofoarchodus Neriglissorori by his son against.
34.pr.3 killed in the nest. 4. 5. ss.zi. is Bal.
f (AR 34.pr.19.2o.fr.15.11.
Labunitus or Nabunidus 37.pr.37.578.c.fi.i ;.
Spartans before the full moon, or nouilunia.
3.pr.8 to start the service.
Tile 69i.b.
iatcrcula the Table, see the table.
Lebo 577.b.
Le & ionarius Jewish 368.b.c.d.
Serse whether the book was found to be able to give.
. 11.pr.35. Sec.
Leon, nicknamed sixovogáxer 5i5.b.
Lions attributes to free, and Ceres, Celestial st.17.
Letzar 577.c.
Leucæinterualla & Hifpanis 358.a. the Gauls, in traveling,
fleuêtica fight 415.c.d.
$ Book to the first. Amendment argument 2.pr.
• 28.29. 4.pr.56 productive. third 8.pr.21. Fourth 8 pr.
Ę 9.pr.15.i6. fexti 9 pr.15.16.11.pr.28.29..
"Pr.7. feptimi 46.pr.3oLă grams 46.pr 17o.b.
Liduna or Leduna 169.b.i7o.b.
Jewish litany of rainfall st.53.
Distinguuntur.358.a specific intervals standards.
Washing before meals Jew among vfitata.
57i.a.b.
Washing duplcx the observance of Easter 57i.b.c.
Iubar. st.44.
Star fr.27.39.
Amid no, no garden beside the altar of God here.
rosolymis fr.15.
Lugdunenfes school Trojan 479.c. start.
• 48o.a.
Lyons fitting 618. d. 619. a.Colonia.
Roman 619.a.
Lyons Segufianorum Colon Plenty of Gloucester.
E Augusto 619.a.b.
The moon, which have astarte fr.z7.
The moon rarely be shown, unless ongoing after sexual intercourse.
7.pr.2.3 day.
From the emblem of the tips of the towers: of the moon-SHAPED.
Muhammedano deciding cauflam 521.a.
Iluna with the solca the equation of what 85.c.
Moon will play the corrections Jewish 631.c.d.
Munday aid, 7.a.15. C.34. d. 162.a. 75ob • ** P *.
iuipa ;. ibid. .
 Luii paoir & ificandæ that fan out in all cases.
The Jews have kept the new 6.pr.31.31. Sec.
Munday γὰam expcétare not potucrit Itidæi 7.pr.
Conditions of the moon of the year should be calculated from the ordinary citizen to in fact and the reason for it can be no ,.
Besides this, the Jews wear 9.pr.5.4.
The census was passed four 482.c.
The census was 183,184 for five years.
The census was Seruianus and August. ibid.à.
Lustruml for Warfare Capitol 482.c.
The census was Eudoxi • * 197.a.
Lustruml Jerome and equal their own.
tion of Olympias' 4o5a.
Thirty Indian and ionum. 5oi.c.d.
Marcus
Mac a baeoRvM of abuf 437.a.
Macabaei 43 dedication.
Macabæorum book both a time diuerfa.
 Ium VtuntUTt 431.c.d.
Magatl. Ceruus. 7 diesmenfis Mexico 324.c.
Macedonia xiragor xyuexêr 2 O 5 in the orb infra.
gmen. 41.
Macuili, fifth, linguâMexicana Â16.c.
Maemor & Erion wherein 31.b.
Magar III.A.
Magari is an Italian quibufdam Oh fr.3z.
Magdola fr.io 45.
Megeddo it. 10.45.
Wise bear had the right to transfer the VVA.
* Hak flue Epagomcnas 523.b.
7.pr.12 great day.
Magnificent Jews 655.c.
Maharferusch. 10 3 days menfis Finish zo7.b.
Mahgarim III.2.
• Malina. 169.b.
Malinalli.Scopae.XII days menfis Mexico 114.c.
Mamertini the nation Pinarian fr.zo.
Mamistra City 371.a.
Manasses related Iadduæ high 43.pr.33.
Hærefiarcha ghosts 588.b.
Mar calls Chaldean Church (fr.36.
Marafphid.XXIV days menfis Finish 2o7.d.
Marathon disasters. 4o6.b.c.
Maravvanim fa yo Muhammedanorum 615.b.
Marchefvvan fedes "bo $$ OSAS Iudaicæ 131.b.
On Saturday Marcionistas fasted. , 683.c.
Marcellin count V.C. Chronicle absolutissimus.
mum 513 a.
Mardad 7 days menfis Finish 2o7.b.
Mardocheus 591.a. A feast of Mordechai 14
dor 397.c.
Mardokenpad 393.a.c.394.b.c.d.fr.22.
Martins. Shall have. Death zo.pr.9.6io.b.c.
Martins íí the prince of the menfium 175.
Martyrius a martyr. • 19.pr.27.
Martyrs epoch entered 29.Augusti, the year of Christ.
STI 284.Dionyfiano 18.pr.12.
Male 587.c.
Maflna 694.


Page 289

j.
Massoritarum inuefitum tips vocal in hg;.
• $ 3 Hebrew.
Mathefeos Chaldaicæ vanity 396.b.
Mathefis Chaldean called st.iz.
Matlac, tenth, the language of the Mexican 226.c.
Matla & tlioce and c.vndecimus, Sec. ibid.c.d.
Matque. . . . 69o.b.
Mattimonia are not legal in the Perf, unless beyond the things that.
In spring contraets 1o8.a.
Xxx 4 start.
* I * N 500 E X.
Mauriacus room.
313.c Menfis first of Exodus begins Thursday zar.e.
The destruction of the tyrant Maxentius ai.pr. 26. 5o2.b. 5o6 1000 E N S E S M E N T E cv N 1 V 1000's by 1000 s.
B.C d.
Median modes and 32. pr.zi. & c.583.a.f.29.22.
Central area ibid.
The Mediaoriundus. . . fr.2o.21.
Or at a disaster Sardanapalis adobitum ASTY.
The kingdom GIS obtain fr.43.
The whole year of Cyrus, the empire of the Medes, the name of the county.
fr.17 seized.
Megasthenes 168.b.f.19.
Melitæ two 535.d.
Melki f.39.
Meltzar 577.c.
Menander Ephesus fr.26.
Menelans mathematical 487.d.
Menfa gold. . fr.24.
Menfis natural and ciuilis.9.c. Luna & Solaris.
ibid.c.d. ecbolas. 332, c. embolism leaders.
natural and civil law. 1o.d.cauus and full. ibid.
Menfes Macedonia Olympick in Athens.
compared to 48. b. Alexander of Macedon.
When Athens. 5o. a.b. Bithynorum in Athens.
ibid.c.d. Metonic Philip with Athens. 84. a.
b. Syromacedonum with Graecomacedonicis.
9i.b.c.Chaldaici with Syromacedonicis. 99.a.b.
1000 E N S E s.
Egypt 198,238.
Aethiopis 238.
Antioch 95.c.d.
• Arab hagarena 'LO.
Ararat 215.
Athenienfis Welsh to 33.
Athenienfis celestial 248.
Bithynorum 5o.
Babylon 99.
Chaldaeorum appeals Macedonia ,.
do not ASTROLOGICAL, 5.pr.1o.
Copti Christians 238.
Tallinn 169.
Gazenfium appeals Macedonia 8.pr.
33.34.
Hegirae °. 138.
Jewish io5.
Macedonia, Greece 3o.
Macedonia Syrienfium 91,241.
Muhammedanorum celestial 27o.
Mexicans exoojueejt Io.C.224.
2AII bear.
Peru, '' 171.
Ptolemy Philadelphus celestial 268,269.
Of the Romans, the ancient 175.
Samaritarum II4243.
Saxon 169.
THebans 55.
Tyriorum Macedonia in several different names.
so initially by Julian 8.pr.31.3z.
Menfibus Lunaribus China, India, iponeiä Sec..
Times describe. 118.d.
Menfium diuifio 9.C.
Menfium Greece fitus 4.pr.11.12.
Menfis natural embolism 1o.d.
The two titles that sold, it is em!.
Boli, that was first 461.b.c.
Menfes ancient Hebrews, China, Indo.
Rum, Iaponenfium end vllis appeal.
number called II.B.
Marcus R. E 1 S 5 Marcus.
From 11 Jews io5. 11 Syromacedonum.
95. Solaris 12 Samaritarum 243.
Aban 8 Iezdegird 2I1.
6 month io5 Jews. 9 Iezdegird. Am.
5 2 143 Samaritarum Solaris force interpreted.
Macedonians 95.
Adarpahascht 2 Iezdegird L2HI.
AEGON 1 5 celestial mundane: 313.
Aheli 5 2 Ararat 215.
Alalcomenia 10 1 55 THebans.
Amschir 6 Elkupti 238.
Anthesterion 5 3 35 Athenienfis.
Acrmaanet 5 1 1 l Tallinn 169.
Apellseus 3 Syromacedonum; 5o.
Aphrodif first Bithynorum 5o.
April 4 Roman pafßm.
Aratz Armenian 2I $ 4.
Arichi 6 Armenia $ 21.
Arms 11. Bithynorum 5o.
Artemifia 5 2 1 Syromacedonum 45o.
Aschbat, or, Schebat 5 95 men.
Afphandar 12 Iezdegird 2Ir.
AE 3 NABONASSAR 198.
Goose Ycuzqui Intiraymi 7 Peruana.
17i.d.
Audynaeus 4 Syromacedonum 5o.
August 8 of the Romans here and there.
Ayamara 12 Peruan 171.d.
Behemen 11 Kezdegird • 2II.
Bendiaeus 9 Bithynorum: 5o.
Blothmonath 3 Saxon 169.
Bludemaanet 5 Tallinn 169.
Boedromion 2 1 Athenienfis 33.
Bucata 1 THebans 55.
Bud celestial Muhammedanorum from 3%.
Cagutz 3 Armenia $ 21.
Camay 2 Peruan 171.c.
Cafleu 1 2 is5 Jews.
Caflus IV Samaritarum Solaris 243.
Chadar JI Abissinorum 258.
9hahua Huarqui 8 Pcruanorum 1713.
Chaidad 3 Iezdegird 2I.
Chiac 4 Elkupti 238.
Choeac 4 §ium, 198.
 Chosturmonath 8 Saxon 169.
Christmaanet 1 5 Tallinn 169.
Ciuailhuilt 18 Mexicans 214.d.
Coauit'euac 16 1 1 Mexicans 114.d.
A cone 3 and 4 men. • 9y.
Corayme 10 Peruan 17i.â.
Daef 9 Syromacedonum 5o.
Damatrius 10 THebans 55.
December 12 Romanorum.passim.
The heavenly Muhammedanorum Delevv 11, 7o.
Demetrius, 2 Bithynorum 3o.
10 Iezdegird 2I gods.
Didymon 9 heavenly mundane 313.
Dionyfius 6 Bithynorum 5o.
Dios 5 1 2 Syromacedonum 5c. & Bithy.
military 5o.
Dioscuros embolism Syrian 94.d.
Dulhagiathi 11 hegira 158.
Dulkaadathi 12 hegirae 138.
Pystru 6 Syromacedonum 5o.
EςalcoaI N 500 E X.
!.
Fςalcoalitzli 5 Mcxicanorum 224 • 100.
Ekrab 8 heavenly Muhammedanorum a7o.
Elaphebolion 9 Athenienfis 33.
Elaphius l 10 Elidenfium 4I.a.
Elul 12 Jews io5.
Epiphi 10 l NABONASSAR 198.
Epip 11 Elkupti 258.
Efid 5 celestial Muhammedanorum 27o.
Faaremaanet 8 Tallinn 169.
February 11 the Roman here and there.
Fischemaanet 1 Tallinn 169.
Gamelion 5 1 1 33 Athenienfis.
Gedi 5 heavenly Muhammedano 27o.
Ginboth 9 Abissinorum 238.
Giuli 4 and 5 Saxon 169.
Giumadiju's 1 l 1 and 4 Hegirae 138.


Page 290


Gorpiaeus 11 1 Syromacedonum 5o.
Hälegmönath 1 Saxon 169.
Hamal first heavenly Muhammedano. 17o.
Hamle 11 Abissinorum, 238.
Harvvatfis 10 Armenia 215.
Hutemuztli 15 Mexicans a14.d.
Hathur Elkupti 1 2 1 8.
Haruncuzqui aymoray 6 Peruan 17i.d.
Hauth 12 celestial Muhammcdanorum 17o.
June 95 1 10 men.
Hegoztli 11 Mexicans 214.d.
Hekatombaeon 1 Athenienfis 33.
Heraclaeus 6 1 Bithynorum 5o.
Heraeus 2 1 Bithynorum 5o.
Hermaeas 2 THebans 55.
J Hermius 4 Birhynorum 5o.
Hippodromos 7 THebans 55.
Danish Hoemaanet 10 169.
Homaraymi Punchaiquis 11 Peru, 17i.d.
3 Hoostmaanet 12 Danes 169.
Ì 1 Ìncipachtli 11 Mexicans 2.4.d.
Hueiiecuilhuitl 5 2 Mexicans 224.C.
Hueitozςutzli 1 2 Mexicans 224.C.
Armenian huii 11 1 215.
Hydron 5 celestial mundane 313.
Hyperberetaeus 4 Greece, Macedonia, Pri.
mouse Syromacedonum 5o.
Iachathith 6 Abissinorum 238.
January first Romanorum.passim.
Ichthyon 5 1 celestial mundane 313.
Jjar 8 Jews. io5. No. 9 Samaritarum
hearth 243.
Jjor 6 1 1 95 men.
3lul 12 Syrians. 95. The first Samaritarum Sa.
hearth 243.
Julius 5 2 of the Romans. randomly.
Junius 6 of the Romans. randomly.
Izcalli 17 Mexicans 114.d.
The world celestial Karkinon 10 313.
Κrion 5 1 1 celestial mundane 313.
Lenaeon 11 1 55 THebans.
JLeonton 11 of the heavenly and worldly love 313.
Lida 11 and 12 Saxon 169.
JLous 11 Syromacedonum 5o.
Maemor & Erion 5 Athenienfis 33.
Magabith Abissinorum 5 2 1 8.
ÉÉ 5 Ararat 215.
Maimaanet 9 Tallinn 169.
Is greater than 5 of the Romans. randomly.
Many 587.b.
Marchatz 9 Ararat 2i5.
Marchefban 2 1 Samaritarum Solaris 243.
2 Marchefvvan Jewish 1o5.
Mardad 5 Iezdegird 2I.
Mariri 7 1 Armeniornm 115.
Martins 3 of the Romans. paflim..
Male 587.c.
Mascara 1 Abissinorum 238.
Mehat 5 1 1 Iezdegird, 2I.
Mechir 5 1 NABONASSAR 198.
Mefori 12 NABONASSAR 198.
Metagitnionem 2 Athenienfis 33.
Meth 587.a.
Metrou 5 Bithynorum 5o.
Miazu 8 Abissinorum 258.
Miccailhuicintli 5 1 1 1 Mexicans 224.C.
Muharram 1 hegirae 1: 8.
Munychion 10 Athenienfis 33.
12 Elkupti must-238.
Muzan 7 celestial Muhammedanorum 27o.
Nahafe 12 Abissinorum 238.
Navvafari 11 of the Armenians, 115.
Nifanius 7 Jews io5. 8 Samaritan.
5 2 95 143 solar Syrian.
November 11 by the Romans. randomly.
O & oj 10 Romanorum.passim.
Ornumaanet 10 l Tallinn 169.
Pachon 9 NABONASSAR 198.
Pachtler 10 1 and 12 Mexicans 124.d.
10 Syromacedonum pane. 5o. 8 THC.
55 of cases.
Panquegaliztli 14 Mexicans 214.d.
Paophi 2 NABONASSAR 198.
Pape 1 1 Elkupti 238.
Parmahat 5 2 Elkupti 238.
Parmuda 8 Elkupti 1: 8.
The world see the Parthenon 12 31}.
Paschunes 9 Elkupti 238.
Payni 10 NABONASSAR 198.
Periopius 11 1 Bithynorum 5o.
5 Syromacedonum skilled 5o.
Penn 10 Elkupti 258.
Phamenoth 5 2 NABONASSAR 198.
Pharmuthi 8 NABONASSAR 198.
Phrurdin 1 Iezdegird 2I.
Pofideon 6 Athenienfis 33.
Pyanepfion 4 Athenienfis 33.
Quecholli 13 Mexicans 2x4.d.
Fifth was the same Julius 6 1 Romanorum.passim.
At any celestial Muhammedanorum 10 z7o.
Rabies 2 1 1 5 & hegirae 138.
Ramadhan 9 Hegirae 138.
Raymer first Petuanorum 17i.c.
Regiabu Hcgirae 7: 158.
Rethmonath 7 Saxon 169.
Sahabenu 7 1 Hegirae 158.
Sahami first Armenian 215.
Of course, 11 Abissinorum, 238.
Sabtan 8 celestial Muhammedano 17o.
Schebat 5 Jews io5. No. 6 Samaritarum
hearth 243.
Scheheriz 6 lezdegird 2I.
Schevvalu 10 hegirae 1: 8.
Scirrhophorion 12 Athenienfis 33.
The world celestial scorpion 2 313.
Sebin 10 Samaritarum Solaris 243.
Seemaanet 1 1 Tallinn 169.
Septembers N 500 E X.
and can last and only World ibid :.
Mexico first day of the new Rota dancing Sec.
sporting prowess J ibid.
Does not exceed the number of the Mexicans, or the number five.
126.d.
Migrations Kal.Iuliis 759.c.
Fr.44 forests.
Minyae st.44.
Miscelliludi 479.c.
Miscellanealudi 479.c.
Mifha 655.b.
{√ofi 391.d.
Mithras Sol 588.a.
Mizquintli. Death 6 days menfis Mexico.
224.C.
Mochus Phoenix fr.16.
Modranecht 16.c.17o.a.
Mofes with respect to the gods and fr.48 us.
Emotional disorder fabulofis 286.c.
Muhammedani moons of writing TRACTATIO.
6.pr.36.37.
Muhammcdisfugainitiumannorum Arabic.
156.a.b.
Muhammedes birth 196.c. His death.
ibid., and 137.c.
Muhammedes muck Christians 136.b.
Muhammedis phase double 144b.
Muharram first 518.
The creation of 366.a.b. From Aequin & yo AU.
tumnal, 368.c.d.
Mufe son Nutzir Arab leader 6zz.b.
• Musteraka 7.b.188.c.294.c.
MUT penalty Pluto fr.31.
The mysteries Anthesterion 3o.a.b.
The mysteries of the biennial and pentaeterica 29.c.
The mysteries of time 418.a.b.c.
X.
September 9 Romans. randomly.
Of August, who are also called Augustus, 8 of the Romans.
randomly.
Sivvan 9 Jewish io5.
Slachtmaanet 3 Tallinn 169.
Solmōnaþ 6 Saxon 169.
Stratius 10 Bithynorum 5o.
Sunbal 6 celestial Muhammedanorum 27o.
Powered by 10 Jews io5. 10 of the Syrians, 95. 11.
Samaritarum Solaris 243.
Tauron 8 celestial mundane. 313.


Page 291

 5 Samaritan.
Rum Solaris 243.
Tecuilhuicintli 6 Mexicans 224.C.
Tenauatiliztli 10 Mexicaniorum 214.c.
Tepupochuiliztli 4 Mexicans 214.c.
Thargelion 11 Athenienfis 33.
Thaschas 4 Abissinorum 248.
Thau 1 1 heavenly Muhammedanorum 27o.
There Ararat 2. 215.
Thir 1 v Iezdegitd 2III.
Thoth 1 NABONASSAR 198.
Thuthr 1 Elkupti 238.
Tikmith 2 Abissinorum 238.
V. tire Abissinorum 138.
1 tifrum Jewish io5. 1 1 Samaritarum only.
ns 243.
Ti (Rin 1 & 2 95 men.
Tititlh 16 Mexicans 214.d.
Tlacaxipeualiztli 1 Mexicans 224.b.
Toxon 1 2 celestial mundane 313.
Toxcalt 1 5 Mexicans 224.c.
Tozςutzli 2 Mexicans 224.C.
Trimilchi 9-Saxons. ':. . . . 169.
5 Elkupti tube 238.
■ Tzepharu 1 hegirae 138.
Tybis v NABONASSAR 198.
Vchpaniztli 10 Mexicans 224.C.
Weydenmonath 12 Saxon 169.
Veymiccailhuitl 9 Mexicans zz4.c.
Wintirfyllith 2 Saxon 169.
Fare Syromacedonum 7 ~ 5 °.
Yapaquis ninth Peru 171.d.
zygon 1 celestial mundane 313.
• May state}. \. fr.13.
Merkedonius * io.d.II.a.176.c.d.44i.b.
1000 E R K in the annals 177.a.44i.b.
Merkedonius Dee 177.a.
Mero 577.b.
Merodac. 393.a.c.394.b.c.d.fr.18.47.
Merodac Ptolemæo uapJ \ * xäwmadò fr.22.
Merodac year, the first in 17 Nabonassàri yo.
pr. 18. 19 Merovveus the French 6iz.c.d.
Meschäch 577.c.
Mefori 391. d.
Metonis tartar. . 72.d.
Melon SPRINGS ibid.
Metonicaanni definition 6.pr.28.29.
Metonic cycle starting from midsummer 76.a.b.c.
Cancer is Metonisobseruatio% Y 292.d.4io.a.
The Mexican language lacks the letters B.G.R.S. 226.d.
The wheels on the last day of subdued all of Mexico.
If it does, extinguebant fire and lights zz6.c.
Mexican year four Suns 694 PE.
rierant and fifth election 226.c.
Mexico last doetè Wheel guard Pooh.
Nebo stoops or 391.d.577.b.
NABONASSAR one and the same Berodachbaladan f.47r.
NABONASSAR & Nabolassàr same fr.9.
Nabonassàri start of 391. d.392.a.
Nabonidus 578.c.579.a.c. Fr.i ;. throne.
shipped in 19 Nabonassàri fr.15. TMedes a DA.
Niclas & Megasthene is fr.i6. the Bar.
fippi munimienta fefe container 9ppugnatur.
Cyrus fr.16.11.deditionem makes fr.i6.i8. ad.
fr.19 the fenex dies.
Nabopolassar, the king of the Chaldeans, the father of the Nabuchó.
d9fiofori. 9. pr.41.397.a. fr.5.19.13. His Du.
fold epoch. 397.a. 29 solid years of rule.
shipped iz.pr.4i.fr. 11.regni was in 3o. discharges 13.Pr.
29.3o.fr.11,3 ;.
Nabopollassàri first year is 12; Nabonass.
Faris 13.pr.3.fr.9.13.
Nabopollassari epoch semen Ezekieiiniíío feo1.
Seal fuse 398.a.
Nabuchodonofor for NABONASSAR negotiator A.
Rabbi Almagesti 393.d.394.a.b. For Nabopol.
We exhausted by Iofephus 13.pr.4o.
Nabuchodonofor 'rule began in the year of his father.
O & fourteenth grandfather 14 Nabonaifàri,,, £ :.
33.36.Babylonem surrounded by walls 37.pr.4o.
4i.fi.13 alienation understanding of U in the wilderness féfe'a53i.
37, Pr. 38. varieties unattained fr.11. By the war.
Officers and administrators fr.ii. the field Jews.
the flu.
\ 1 N 500 E X.
Minus number of years and tranquility it. 4t.
Ninyas ST 43.
Nifanius week starting feptimi & .pr.8.f.ria first time.
6. pr.12 6.pr.9.12 Thursday.
Νifan year excidij 6.pr.24 of Jerusalem.
Let Nifanius starts on Thursday Io.pr.37.
Let Nifanius Neoménia concentrating cum'neó.
Krion 14.pr.29 walls.
§ £ 7.b. Snake in hieroglyphics 194.c.
it 577.
Nitocris Nabuchodonofori Alyattei woman's daughter.
fr.14.41.
Nitocris Babylon Semiramis begun.
st.14.41 completed.
Among Nitocrim and the Semiramis many years.
they f.42.
Ark where fubstiterit f.44.
Noah min @ $ p appealed £ F.
Ona 173.c.
Ninth none dedicated to God, 17 <c.
Nouilunia Tohu 63i.c.
They consider ways nouilunia 9.d.
, Having beheld, and the Full Moon, the times of the panegyric, lu.
di.ris deligebant 3.pr.17.
Still, a year, a day of winter 44o.a.b.
Mother starry night 443.c.
The number of Mexicans in five nonexce.
dit zz6.d.
The number of gold calendar annotate a loser.
Dionyfij concentrate Exigui 234.c.
A plural number of fingulari Hebraeorummo.
Re fr.i.
The cause of the fair, festival comperendinatio e ?.
7. shades of the old a.439.c.d.46o.a.b.c d.
G.
Cobar assigned to the river fr.11.Tyrum row.
gnat fiage. 36, dies in 183.Nabonassàri ,.
Since 43 years regnaflèt st.i4.
Nabuchodonofori year 2 at 11 Ezekic.
LCM fr.23. 2 5i.annus be on the fr.51.
Nabuchodonofori double Io.pr.5.11 epoch. pr.
39.13.pr.8.19.1o.14.pr.1. & Feq.ss.io.
A Nabuchodonoforo to Esther the queen, not to me.
less than three generations of flux. 592.a.
Nabulaífàr for Nabopollassar with Iofephus 15.
pr.34.35 • Sec.
INabuzardan it. 11.
Christmas, Easter (equens indiculis known.
making 541.d.
216.c.
Opposite to the fourth, the language of Mexico.
In celebrating birthday on 25 December.
and fees from Latin and Greek at a final score.
shipped 543.d.544.a.
Greek Naples City 477.c.d.
Neapolitanus amusement Augustale this year.
Olympiad held in 478.a.b.
INcbo 577.b.
Neco why the satrap of Egypt called st.io.
Neco gotten tax imposes st.io.


Page 292


No 4 loiakim ii.pr.7.fr.io.45.
I 577.b.
Neharmalca 399.c st.13.
Nehemiah arrived in 588.c. to the time of Alexander the
110 years older died 595.c.
Nechemiyah two 43- pr.tf.iz. & C.6o4.a.
Nemeacus games trictericus 3.pr.18.19.53.c.
Blow menfium facra 223. c.
Blow double xg 'oval / u »v ^ * 28. Remix pr.
22. 23.
NeomeniaTifri never on weekdays 1, 4, 6. 131. a.
INeomenia Nifanius never on weekdays 2, 4, 5 I.
131. a.
New Moon Jewish sabbath for 13 cycles.
They returned to the world 132.c.
Ncomeniæ ways from the old vfürpatae 9.d.
Moons of writing TRACTATIO Muhammedano.
6.pr. 36.37.
Nephelia Aristophanes 81.a.
Inergia! . 577.c.
The image Vergel 579 b. fr.15. The image Cuthaeorum.
663..
Neriglißrorus Hevvilmerodachum kills 34.
First. fr.i5, pe ^ acts in place of a guardian of the Son, in the kingdom there.
Nerone, Imp. 468. start killing 469.a.b.
Neronia kept at 469.
Hamstring Imp.initium 487.
Neschroch 577.c.
Unbridled 188.c.194.c.
Netzar 577.c.
Neuruz 8.pr.17.16a. What 2o6.d. xo8.a.b.195 from.
1Neuruz very old Chaldean fi.40.4 :.
Neuruz elfultani Gelala 3o3.c.d.
iNeuruz harirath feu Nabonassàri 296 a.b.st.41.
Nicafo Sanballetis daughter 43.pr.33.
Nicenus confessed 5o7.
Greasy 457.b.
Odessus from Aug.condita 456.d.
Nini epoch fr.41.
Niniuis first celebrated their move in the £.
Ethiopians, Syrians and Egyptians 699.b.c.
Minus City Tigris tend f.41.
Ocean enneadecaeteris 17o.c.
Ocelot, tiger, 14 days menfis Mexico 2 * ". D.
Ochoa 587 B.C.
Ochos oarfes st.ao.; 87.c.
Ochoa axure f.2o.
Ocher 577.c.
Ochfoarfes .2Q.
Oétaeteris 28.De & A is also enneaeteris 68.b.
Oëtaeteris Cleostrati 64.b.Harpali 66.a. Endo.
x 4Pr.39.69.a.
O & aeteridis The list 7i.b.
Oh & P eter (Chal 151.
O & auam fphæramfecundo motion to move first.
fufpicatus is HIPPARCHUS 284.a.286.a.b.
Ogdoas of the Romans, 9.C.
Olin.Temperamentum. I menfis 18 days.
xicanti 114.d.
Olympias 3pr.17.33.36.14.d.
Olympias said that Tetrapentaeteris si.c.
The first day of July 25 Olympiad conducted 15.pr.35.
Olympiad for the five-year period of Julian, and not only for this time of purification O.
Ê, Elidenfium 2o pr 2o.383 a.b.c.
Olympiadic first amusement 382.c. what day.
$ I. 13.b.25.a.
Olympic secrets 16.b.i79.d.i8o.a.
Olympick season games only teaches Pindar. "
pr.36.37.3.pr.7.15pr.39.
Oympicum recreational Ipfe full moon shines a torch.
3.pr.6.15.pr.4o session 13.b.23.a.
The course at Olympia endure the conflict of a break instautauit.
 IphitusI N 500 E X.
Iphitus 382 c.
In the Olympic year fixed Julian sub Imperato.
• behavior. 384.a.
Hadrianali Olympics in Athens 480.b.
Ome, fecund, tongue Mexican 226.c.
Omer J} ¤yuæ 557.c.
Ann9 578, followed by reigning king of Samaria starts.
Oa ££ 38.pr.35.36.a conditus of the house of the book of Exodus;.
mo o & grandfather I.28.
Onomacriti Poefit is to say, which is to Orpheus and the name of the cit.
cumfero 1o, a.st.47.48.
18.pr.35 and should not be necessary.
Oibis for the period 57.b.
Bacchus 5.pr.18.
Ormifda '• 2I4a.
Oromazda, 1 day menfis Finish 2.o7.a.
öröfio de'annis suspected of Rome after their own.
Diocletian edge 511.d.
Rising star double 292.a.
Ofen or ofH 577.c.
Ostanes the king of Babylon, 47.pr.3.
Display showtimes 5. c.
Fingulari number of doors 447.d.
Otto Imp. · 473.2.
oiue son Vfens zio.c.d.195.c.5 * dy * 3: A.
oxalla Hifpanorum pure Arabic. i.
Oh, if God wills it! fr.33.
3. Oxyares pr.38.33.pr.8.41.p £ 18.587.c.fi: o.
Ozúmatli manure 11 days menfis Mexico 224.c.
Publius
Pachon # 9i.d.
Pad 577.d.
Padufà 37o.a.
Pagomen 691.d.693.a.
ÉÉ 577.d.
palilia Varroniana Palil Catonianam vaoan.
16.pr.14.386.d.387 no longer standing: a.
Palilitium loyal 184.b.
Pararetos Iefu book of Sirach 434.a.b.c.
pìenaea 4o8.b.7 conducted in Athens? • ** * & * ?.
άκατομ € auόν®.
Panathenaica larger 3.pr.27.
panegyrics of games and shows, having beheld, and the plenilunijtem.
lapse selected 3.pr. 17.
Paophi w 391.d.
Paradise topographia 369.d.37o.a.b.c.
agoiiifëe paradox, stage 1. 483.b.c.d.
Parapegma · · ceedfng Harpali 68.b.
Cleostrati 65.c.d.
Assyrian 98.d.267.
Abáeritanum Democritus 167.b.
Calicutenfium. 353,525.
Hipparchi 11 o.b.
OENOPIDES 168.a.
Parapegma Atticus 248.
parapegma Philadelphia Dionyfianum 268.
Parapegma Muhamimedanorum East.
27o.
Friday 7.pr.22.23. & C.z6.pr.16.17.pr. & 9.
Friday for Jews extent defined. 569.c.d.
Paschatum five baptifmo Christ.
The first '533.
According to 555.
The third, •, • 357.
52.d. 53a.
Fourth 553.
uinte WA) swpöoiuof 26.pr.7.561.ss.54.
Easter, Christ anticipated 567.a.
13. Christ ate the Passover Nifanius civil 14.Lu.
na. 28.pr.19.2o.in day, and if the needs% • 28.pr.14.15.
The phase Muhammedanorum double i44b.c.
Stir in the Easter fa 2o pr.7 546 a year.
Easter with great force and orini 4o4.a.b.
PA Hales £ 572 a fruitful Menfo.
Easter Sunday to celebrate a rite 57o. & Forward.
The new year of the phase called "6.b.
Paschunes 24o.b.
'Paulin born in Bordeaux 14.pr.12.
St. Paul Gamalielis student 63o.c.
Payni 391.d.
Peloponnefiaci 4io the start of the war.
Pentaeteris 382.b.d.
Pentecoste 26.pr.39.27.pr.6.


Page 293

a.
Pentecost is called the whole interval.
Sunday Refurreétionis the usual socket.
tide 697.b.c.
Pentecost Refurreétione of the incident.
dit to Sunday 27 pr.33.28.pr.116. & c.st.54 pr.15.
Penteris unsuitable for Pentaeteris 381.d.
Luriares emendatæ 25 stages.
The period of the ecliptic, that £ ^ i ^ / χμοι called 19.
b.288.a.
CalippicaSeleucidæ & Seleucidarum phase out.
gods and Judas VFI 6.pr.23.14. & c.fr.5}.
Roman period of 2 years 20 179.
The period of Callippus 86. a.91.41I.Attica 87.b.c.421.d.
Alexandria 42.b.c.d.
Arab hebdomadicam 30 years 139.a.b.
Arab hagarena LO.
Bithynorum 5o.
Immolated 19.d.
Babylon to a mere nameless topics.
ta vfurpata 5.pr.7.8.
Delphi Pythica 5r.
Dionyfij force and spurs on and orini 157.3oo.
Hipparchi 19.a.b.io9.b.initium iio.a.
Spartan 57.
Macedonian Olympic 47, Alexandria 48.
Archmagi ... 19.C.
Mexicans 19.C.
Salchodai bear 19.C.
China 19.d.
Samiorum 58.
"Syracufana 56.
Thebana 34.
The period Syromacedonum double. Tetraeterica.
Moon 94.b.418.d.
The period 7oo big old Egyptian.
m.pr.17. .
Periods Gelalaea 648 years.
The period of Julian 2.pr.21.2z 798o years.
Perfae close a watch on the importance of the truths of the 3o4.a.
Fi.45 bear Chronicle.
Per series of kings in Daniel Efdra and prevention.
hemia 393.c.in Aeschylo 59o.a.b.
Perfarum kings of the incoming government changed.
3o5.
names 58o.a.
Perfecutio Christians Dioclctianea 498.
 Neroniana 47o.471.
PerficaI N 500 E X.
Perfica names fimplicia 587.
A and a treacherous kings in diphtheria it was reported. 41.
43.
O & O treacherous fapientes year Gelala respectively.
They 3o4.a.b.
Royal YPetra Arab 1ii.b.
3Phar 577.c.
VPharifæi 538.d.
Pharmuthi 391.c.d.
Pharne 587.a.
APharfam 587.a.
1Pheles 38.pr.15.
Phetima profetesse 27t.a.
Phil 577.d.
Philip the Tetrarch 463.a.
Philip fast Moschouitis 271.b.
698.a.
Philochorus of Méton 75.c.d.
Philofophi Chaldean fr.it.
philoßratus conrra Gaza is maintained 3o.c.
Phoebadius Agen Nitiobriges Bishop 14.
II 4.
The care of the gods of the ancient of the Hebrews, pees li.
fr.27.28.38 fees performers.
TPhraortes st.4.
phrurdin. 15 days menfis Finish 2o7.b.
phrurdin Gelala first 526.
Phrurdin Iezdegitd first 511.
IPhul 577.c.
JPhurim 646.c.
• a 1Pilatus 541.
"Pindar was born 4o7.d.4o8.a.
Pindarus only teaches a sports Olympics.
2.pr.56.37.3.pr.7 v.
8 hours planetary system.
Tell planets to appear at Old fue crowd.
trust.
47.pr.5.
Full Moon and nouilunij times panegyrics [Lu.
dicr deligebant 5.pr.17.
• Pljnthion 69i.b.c.
Fingulari Hebrew plural for more fr.17.
Pluto Pœnis MUT said f.3i.
Hymnefeos cup 573.b.
Carthaginians purely Hebrew language or near VFI.
fr.31.
Poenolus Plavti 4o.pr.15.
City of race Liguria 514.c.d.
Diuerfa a polio parallel to the pole 285.
And so on.
Pompeiacu5, located at the city Aginnenfem.
618.b.
Porcius Cato, the first Rom. inuesti times.
auit 355.a.b.386.b.c.
PA, 31.31. through it all Menfis embolism.
4.pr.19.1o.11 a.34.a.
The naval battle of Salamis. 4o7.b.
The battle of Gaugamela 42i.a.411.b.
It is not the Ethiopians, are the king of the 679.b.c. Prestegianus
Prime for a moon 335.a.
Responsible Aug.initium 493.
Profatius ludaeus 287.d.
Profeuchæ fr.15 placed in the woods.
Profeuchae or discuss the synagogues fr.15.
Profeuchis driven into the trees fr.15.
ProfperAquitanusíú; Reienfium infecun.
The campaign da Narbonenfi 25.pr.3.4.
Prouerbium $% PA Kayser, * ίτ 'AwSwiez, 3o.b.
Pfammis fr.45.
Pfammiticus ruled for six years after Neco II.
pr.8.9.
Ptolemy is common copper kings gi;.
C1S r.
47.
Ptolemy, Cleopatra 268.a.b.
Ptolemy Philadelphus 268.a.b.433.c.
Ptolemy Philomater 435.a.
Ptolemy Philopator, 597.a.
Ptolemy assinus Hyrcanuses 375.a.
Cl.Ptolemæi, obseruationis Aequin & faifa be named.
Through the organs of o.b.
p £ FAA when evacuated, and a "AA.
Pyanepfion 31.d.32.a.
Pygmalion 38.pr.5.16.fi.29.3o.3 ;.
Pytheas Massilienfis 284.d.
The Pythian Games were 51.52. From the outset eneaeterica 3.pr.3 ;.
Apollo attributes ibid.
Pythias 51.52.
Apollo competition swarhnr when first introduced.
52.c.
Pythodemus classed 416.â.
Pythodorus classed 76.â.
QL.
Quadrants of the Lunar 377.b.c.
FOUR Copfulum in the annals 383.c.4 O: a.
Charaeter four years of civil origin.
Roaming 2pr.15.
uartadecimani. i5i.b.
Qgy pluuia. 10 9 days menfis Mexico.
224.
Five officials in Athens i d.
Quinquennalia 21. pr.5.5oI.a.b.c.
Five and five fpatium consequence.
They 53.d.
Qupfones fr.3 ;.
R.
Racso 697.â.
Ram, 17 days menfis Finish zo7. &.
Ramadhan 349.35.
Ramiad 23 days menfis Finish 2O7.c.
Rasch. 12 2 days menfis Finish zo7.b.
Ravenna Colon and when evacuated from 386.a.
Kings of Babylon and treacherous campaign.
prose £ disinclined, to kings handing 15.pr.9.io.
Babylonian kings of the incoming government changed.
names 58o.a.
Kings season as he drew Cato 355.b.
Royal River 399.b.c.
Reggio Emilia in Emilia 25 pr.7.8.


Page 294


2 Eclipticus observations. pr. 25. berof.
 27 marked.
Kings begin diuerfa io.pr.4.5.
Kings of ancient Macedon essigii eapita.
Leonini fpolio wear 426.c.d.
Regular days • 777.
Rcicnfium bishop, Rits 25.pr.4.
Yyy RefiduumI N 500 E X.
Fefiduum EPA and marigold 779.
Retzar 577.c.
Disadvantages 571.c.d.
Rome was taken by the Gauls, taken by assault. 414.b by setting 517.
Rome was founded in 586, and so on.
23.pr.16 a description of the Roman world.
Romulus excess of 395.
Dew 587.c.
The Mexican wheel 216.
Country 587.c.
Rustis the roads, branded him the Germans of old, as in Gal.
li Leucis 358.a.
St.
Celebrated on the Saturday, two things concur in the Pentecost, and the other shall Ara.
6.pr.1.3.io7.d.io8.a 643.d.
Keep differ from those big 7. pr. 19.
2o. Sec.
Serse Jewish sabbatical feptenarij 14 years.
f.24.
SIA years 23o3 and 231o. ibid. 15 & 26.
Replace fu weeks beginning of the sabbatical year.
15.pr.19 formed.
Sabbation flue synagogue or the same as profeucha.
fr.25.
Saturday, for any holiday 223.c.451.a.b.
Saturday 3 \ 4/7; ap "7w 25.pr.25.26.pr.3.357.b.c.d.
fr.54 Saturday, Enoch 7o2.a.
, The sabbath was a great 27.pr.1.
Saturday whether we can umydaw iuipa? 27.pr.9.
Sabine Sicinia I.2G the nation.
Dee sac in Babylon fr.18.
Community enneaeterica 3.pr.33.
The Sacred tetraëterica% ua of the moon to the same thing, it is not to use.
which is at the same time of the sun going, 3.pr.3o.
International biennial 3.pr.18.
Daily sacrifices fibers [17 Tamuz] Hic.
at Jerusalem, by Titus, the besieged fr.57.
Sacrum occupied 7o.d.
Ever 182.a.b.199.c.
A holiday in the world for many years and decades properties ^ 18 ;.
198, and so on.
Srculum French 172.b.
Secular games 182.18 ;.
Domitiani 486.
Seueri 49I.
Philipp Augg. 492.
The last 39o.c.d.
Sahami Ararat 517.
Sal 587.a.
Salchodai 2o8.b.
Salman 393.a.
Salmanasar fr.46.392.d.393.a.
Salmanassare from other Nabonassar. 391.d.393.a.
the same as the king of the state, Nineveh, not Babylon, 392.d.
Shomron & A with respect to the gods, and when it was founded st.28.
Samaritans Ægyptienfes 663.b.
Samaritans offskowring people 66i.a.667.a.
Sanbelletes 43.pr.16.17.588.c.
Sanchoniathon when he lived fr.4o.
Muslims with respect to the gods and I iii.a.b.
Muslims from Charles Martel, where and when Caef.
622.a.
Sarapu menfe April 7I.a.
Sardanapalus £ 5 4;.
Saturn Matronalia 173.a.
Saturday several titles Phoenicians fr.39.
Saxons and the Danes and the entire old lbus Ocean.
menfes care of Lunar year and marked out.
169.b.
When celebrating the Feast of 15.pr.6. & C.fr. 4.
Schadran b.
Schadrach g;.
Schahariuz. 4 days menfis Finish 2Q7.2.
Schaichun period dodecaeterica iot.
Schalman 577.b.
Schar 577.d.
Schesch 577.d.
Scheschach 577.c.
Schetzar 577.c.
Cocosi menfura journey 358.a.
Scirrhophorion Callippus intercalaris 87.c.
The second Menfo 571.c.d.57 / a.
Sedekiae the first year of the fourth week, yo.
pr.13.fr.5o.
28 year Sedekiae trapped Sabbath and Jubilee.
Oh months and grandfather fr.34.5o.4oo.d.
Sedckias caught in 158 Nabonassari 1. pr.i ;.
14.13.pr.5. pcriodi Iulianae 4114. menfe Loc.
4oo.d.4oi.5.
When killing of adherents 385.c.d.
Seleucidi 6Pr.23.14.
Alexander 428.c.
The husband of Semiramis of Assyria, do not Ninus, fi.4 ;.
Semlramis meaning st.43.
Semiramis is the whole of Babylon: nothing shall built much.
Fr.i ;.
Semlramis Babylon begins Nitocris true.
fr.14.
Semlramis thousand years Ilija antecefTit destruction.
f.4o.4i. long lived and ordered fr.41.
Among the Semiramis and Nitocrim many years.
they fr.41.
O path £ iogy $ third 641.c.665.d.
Shen 577.c.
Senacherib the king of Assur, and shall f.43.46.
Senate two commands in Athens 61.C.
Sepham 587.c.
Septenarij years compiiti flue serse Iudaicum.
14.pr.14 sabbatical.
Seventy years Babylonian Captivity, ca.
the capture of Jehoiachin you please put a 39.pr.19.; o.
pr.36.
$ G; $ i; Cyrus year filled with violence and or Ba.
ylonem returned fr.16.
Serapis. fr.27.38.
Serma King Malabar 526.a.
Seruatio Tongers Bishop 24.pr.27.28.
Scfâc or Seschac Dee Babylonians * 578.b.
fr.18. His feast day. ibid.
Sechery 587.b.
Severus Alexander Aug. 49i.b.c.d.
Augustonemeti sign} Apollinaris of Clermont.
Episc. Death 613. d. Efitaphium 714.a.b.
Replace the gods and I Sidonij%;.
Sidon and Tire & licuitiurare unless they maretur ;; 4.
4o.pr.5.
Sidonim.i.piscatores, hunters fr.3 ;.
Sidonigrufi & Tyriorumlingua Hebrew 4o.pr ?.
Palilitium star 184.b.
SigebertusI N 500 E X.
Sigeberht Metenfium & Remenfium King 616.c.
Death 617.b.c.
Sicilian family sobriquet fr.2.
Simon formal Æthiopicum 699.d.
Simon, Hyrcanus 436 a.b.c. Jews from John.
VOCatU1S 16.pr.21.
Sinœ menfibus Lunaribus the times of the fua: they describe.
118.d.
China, China inexperienced Hifpani call 366.b.c.
fr.19.
Sippara fr.44.
The Nile issue 57o.d.
Siroes 523 C.
Sifinnius, Martyrius Alexander suffered this year 4o3.
19.pr.27.28.29.
Sifithrus st.44.
Death of Socrates 413.C.
The sun bear the 588.b.
Sol Mithras 588.a.
Sun obtenebrascens end def u 442 a.b. c.
29.pr.1.
only $ def yo and no time was the death of July.
Caefare 442.a.b. nor of death Augusti465.6.
nor Neru 487.b.
An extraordinary darkening of the 29.pr.I.
441.a.b.c.


Page 295


6.pr.3.4 Sec.
Solomon, when we have started from ruling fr.29.
Solomonic Temple was created, 38o. b. c. Dedication.
38i.b.
Solomon's letter ae} O & fi.18 fictitious times.
Solstice a meton obscruatum 76.b. c.4o9.
4io.
Solstice Sofigenis 8 Kai. July 4.pr.28.29.
Of summer and the early observation of the delay fuse.
HIPPARCHUS rely 3o8.d.
Solstitiorum & Aequin and hazelnuts points and the κύατα vol.
CantU1I 4.pr.25.
Solstitiorum concentration dissicilis 3o8.d.
Why Jews are renowned modern and appealing fr.iz.
Is not recognized by the older commentators other than the one derived from the Solymites.
Lycia fr.iz.
Sophie bear with respect to the gods and us 523.c.d.
Sofigenes 4.pr.28.29.266.a.c.d.
SPA 587.c.
Hospitality is in the town hall, this what 457.c.
Liturgiæ standing interest 698.b.c.d.
Statins next force and the US Commission Thcbaidos.
, 484.a.b.
A star in the tail Cynofurae 284.c.
Stephen Bungalow noble Aquitaine for long.
coot & US 6o3.c.
STHA Sthe 587.b.
Stilicho Vandal 3i.pr.41.
Stilichonis Confulatus 2 514.
The other sulpitius Bituricenfis a Sulpitio.
Actor 24.pr.34.35.
Sulpitius fortified Aquitaine 2.4.pr.25.16. Martin.
iscipulus ibid.36.
Sufianâ Astyage under the rule of Babylon ADIC.
& TA 35.pr.1o.
the community or the profeuchis discuss fr.15.
The exploits of King of Babylon, on behalf of the Assyrian army in place of & Aflyriæ.
fr.13.
By Aram Jews consider fr.io.
Syzygia, productive Philolaum Sec Christians.
quofdam 166.b plenty of Mendes 167.b.
i.
T
Taautes unknown.
SHEET AND latercvli 1 • • '.
EPA & equations are not damaged. • 34i.
Aegij vtriufque from nobiliss. Tycho.
Rahe in Denmark obseruati 774.
Down with anguish and throughout the whole of the year of Jewish con.
text 651.
Tropic years, and are bound to 191. tropics.
in years cxpanfis 3ii. * Hill in years, and it 3iz.
Hill & drum master Ædda 276,277 years.
Jewish year cycle of interest coli..
And bedding.
fr.27.
 129.
Mexico appeals menfis 224 days.
Finish aoj menfis appeals days.
Canon Hippolytus, Bishop 72i.
Canonij of the passover of emefidatione Nicephorus.
GREGORY.
  . • 33.
$? Pascal Grand monks 738.
Chart & erifmi menfium Jewish ° 5.
Chart & erifmi of Muharram, and is joined by Ionians.
I47 media.
Charaéterifmi the moons ennea.
decaeteridis metonic 79.
Chart & terifmi periods 79.87.95.
Erifmi Tifie of both quality and highly prized by the year 132.
Chart & erifmi menfium NABONASSAR, Anne.
iiiorum, Iezdegird 218.
Dear to the hearts of other Nabonassari years ,.
Julian 2ος per cycle Sunday.
Converted to advertise in fexagefimo 5.
Conuertendi (exagefimas on the display ibid.
Conferendineomeniam Tifie Jewish neo.
the walls of Muharram.
 142.
Æthiopici cycle 687.
EPA cycle and marigold * prwpwwawzws. 32.
Lunar cycle Gelalaei Epacts 5o7.
Gelalaei cycle μετεμττύπως.
  3o7.
Cycle versatile Callippus & Metonis neck.
aLL.
* IO.
E cycle lcofipentaeterici.
Metonic cycle of Philip, 84.
Western Easter cycle Ecclefiarum 156.
Easter cycle mendofi 164.
Vitiofi with an improved compared to the solar cycle.
23I.
The ancient Hebrews cycle 134.
Iulian cycle and the old Arabian.
Rum. . . . 121.
Days of the week to finish 8.
Turcicæ days a week, ibid.
Dodecaeteridis genethliaci five languages.
then . 1o1.
Sundays Paschal Hippolytus 732.
The first two meafium Alexandria.
When marks refide EPA 154 and marigold.
The list of the period Theophilus 158.
Embolifmi Neuruz complete the old-21o.
EPA & marigold tifrum Jewish I29.
Feasts and fasts Antioch 7o5.
7io.
648.c49 Jewish holidays.
¥ y z gene N 500 E X.
"Generalisnouiluniorum mediorumThothNa.
bonaßár, Sahami Ararat Phrurdin.
Iezdegird, Alexandria 2.18.
Harmoni gathered together and 347,348 years old.
Harmoni years expanfa 345,346.
Harmoni menfium 349.35.
Hekkaedecaeteridos Hippolytus Episc9pi 153.
Hemerologium celestial 316, and so on.
Hemerologion year Julian 232,233,234.
Icofipentacteridon gathered together 2o3.
217.
Armenian Icofipentaeteridos.
Icofipentaeteridos nouilunio Thoth Na.
good (far 2o4.
Icofipentaeteridos Iezdegird 2I2.
Inueniendi the solemn celebration of vfu Ecclefiæ important object in view.
Chenae v. 716.
Kalendarij Æthiopici 685.
The Sunday Letters & Concurrentium 777.
1000 E N S V 1 1000.
Aάiacorum 158.
Egypt 198,158.
Ethiopia 238.
Athenienfis 53.48.5o.9r.
Arabian LO.
Armeniacas 215.
Armenia and Iezdegird 767.
Bithynii 5o.
Celestial 3I3.
Heaven Muhammedanorum 27o.
Cauorum Harpali 67.
Chaldaicorum with Syromacedonicis Alexandria.
Dreis, conferred 99.
Diluuij 371.
Gelalaeorum r. 3o5.
Hegira 138.
Iezdegird 2lII.
Macedonia 48.84.91.
224 Mexicans.
Peru 171.
Philip metonic 84.
Prytäfiias Macedonia & Athenienfis 91.
Of the Romans of the old 175.
The solar samaritanos 243.
Saxons and Danes 169.
Soriano 7i4.
Syromacedonum 5o.141. Aram, 95.
1000 * ravrwows metonic 82.
In 1000 e o e n i a A 5 1000.
Iezdegird in years and the Armenian cy.
clum solar Julian 216.
menfium of the Jewish because of the quality of the year 133.
Metonic the menfibus Julian 8o.
AMuharram with the full moon Dionyfianis 14o.


Page 296


Attic in the period menfibus lulianis 43.44.
Calippicae period. 89.9.
Prime menfis Elidenfis Olympia periods in years.
Magpies 3.
Calippicæ the hall menfibus Julian z6o.
No 1 1000 1000 V N P R O P O R R 1 v M.
In the old days menfe Perfico 2o7.
Assyriorum 577.
Chaldaicorum 577.
Complete 587.
N 1 O 1 50 n o v v v R 1000.
annicælestis in years expáfis & collaötis 319.3zo.
In general, menfibus Tetraetericis. 3+.
In menfibus Tetraeteridos Attic 34.
Paschal in 76 years, 34t.
Samaritarum 1584 a year of Christ 117.
In 114 years of Jewish tisti expanfa Ix7.128.
Zygon the world in years to 319. In expanfa.
Hill of years, and it 3zo.
O & aeteridos. Cleostrati 6 ;.
248. Parapegmata attics, and so on.
O P E R 1 500 1.
Dionyfianae of a great, 3o2.
Cratire and the jubilee Amharic 7or.
Hagarena of a great II2.
Hebdomadicam great Arab. 761.
interkalationis Merkedonij of the Roman 179.
of a great feu faeculi the Mexicans, 226.
Neuruz Gelala 3o5.
expanfa 769 per year 77o.
Syrian Alexandria 96.
Plinthij Aethiopicus. 687.
Reduce Arabic in Julian years, and.
COntfa I4I.
On Whit 557.
Roman age 18 ;.
Tekupharum Jewish Caesarian 146.
Easter term Dionyfij Exigui 162.
Easter term Hippolytus, Bishop.
732.
Terms Tekuphae R. adds in years cy.
CLI Jewish 28o.
Trade and elegance Epagomenarum Iezdegird 521.
Triacontaeteridos Arabicœ 139.
Three aerārĭus 747.
Powered 17 fatal fr.57 Jerusalem.
Tarka flue Tarik Arab leader, 622.b.
L. Tarrutius Fermo 238.a.388.c.
SHE pyramids fuppofiti fr.13.14.
Tebith 29 I.a.
Teboch 95.a.
Tecpatlh. Spoon. Mexicanio 18 days.
Rum 224.d. 4 Wheel Mexican year 226.
Teglath 577 b.
Tekupha 246.a.b.c.d.z47.a.
Tekupharum give doctrine 128.c.d.63s.a.b.c.
Tekupha R. adds 179.b.
Tekupha old Jewish in7 Octobris f.41.
Weather 4d.
Solomonic Temple was founded 383.
His dedication 381. Destruction 4oo.
a voice was heard on the one side from the innermost sanctuary of the temple of micRsMvs.
23.pr.36.
Temple on Mount Gerizim 43.pr.18.19.
Back from time to point out some epoch unreliable.
When the 1.pr.26.27.
What time 615.b.
Time Ag) AOR, also μνSixòv flue IP »iwr 355.A.
Terik dhilkarnain 95.b.
Terik Aliscandria '95.b.
Terminal 177.b.
Easter term, their method is 779.
Tessareskaedecatitæ 15o.b.c.
Their was a mere cycle of the Jewish 15o.d.
151.a.
Tessàreskædecaeteris Pascal 15r.
A zoo, a new in the whole world in which they play with a, I do not.
unless they have a five point & zz6.d.
TctraetcI N. 500 E X.
Tetraeterica course divine, always the same, of the moon at the time.
reduce '3.pr.26.27.
Tetraeteris Greek 13.b.24.d.z7: a.
"Tetraeteridos Greek convenience 376.c.
Tetraeteridos Attic starting from € anno'T III.
traeteridis Olympic 43.a.
 Tetrapentaeteris 5i.c.
THALES Milefius first Aequin noarä and hazelnuts.
For opened 283.c.
Targelia 33.c.
The old season's theagenes Rheginus.
4o2.C.
Thebach, menfis.
95.a.
Destruction of these scars Bœotia 417.d.
And so on.
Tehinnah 587.b.
`Theodofij fenioris setting 383.d.
Thcrapeutica life, ascetic 539.b.
III. ..
 54o.a.
Theudebertus Theuderici Metenfium Regis F..
615.d.6i6.a.
Theudericus Metenfium King 615.c.d. 616.a.
Theudvvaldus Metenfium King 616.a.
Thir. 587.a.
Thirchusch 11 days mehfis Finish 2o7.b.
Thiri 587.a.
This 587.b.
Saint Thomas the Apostle in India 68o.a.
The h Augusto A & iacu 454.
Thoth NABONASSAR 39 L ...
Thoth Philip 423.
Thoth. The Essus 391 C.Fr. 17.
• Thrācius. 587.c.
Tiberij Caefare start of 464,465.
Death 466.a.
TiglathPhulafàr the king of the Assyrians, fr.43.
The border of the West 37.pr. Sufidis tiger, oh.
Timocharis meteorologist 88.a.b.
Timoleon Carthaginienfes largest disaster assico.
• 417.ab.
Tina for China fr.29.
Tifrum the third day of the week, beginning with 6.pr.4.5.
On the second 6.pr.7.
Monday feptimi 6.pr.io.ii.
Why is the new moon: ah to start, not from the day of the week fexta.
can 5Pr.41.42.6.pr.14.15.
* Tithri 587.c.
Titice fr.18.
Indexes season title and 338.b.
Titus Vefpafianus 475.
"Tityi fr.18.
Tochtli. The mine. 8 Day Mexico menfis.
\ Zz4.c. 2 Rota year, Mexico 226.
Tohu • 631.c.d.st.17.
Fuenlana a quarter of a purely Arabic language fr.3 ;.
Tona, language Mexicans Moon 225.b.
Tonaticus sun Mexican 225.c.
Tonelli sun 225 c.
Traiani Imp. starting 487.c.d.
Translation Jewish holiday 5 pr. 16 17.
 6p £ a9ai, and c 25.pr.43.18.d.gi.b.
Tranflatio orbit, political, and mixed u8.d.
151.b.c.
Translation astronomicall caussâ three ig.a.
Triacontaeteris Arabic 139.a.b.
(Tribonian mistake 177.d.
Tire threatens the destruction of Ezekiel.
Three Atticæ ten · ·.
25.d.62.â.
Jewish fr.15 tax.
Biennial facra 3.pr.18.
Trieteris wherein 298.c.d.382.a.
Trieteris alternately nouilunia & Moon '.
3.Pr.24.25 incurred.
Trilida.
17o.b.
Trimilchi 169.d.
Triumph Dacicus Traianl 488.b.
Moons trumpet meals in Hebrew.
224> a.
6.pr.1 trumpet.
Tycho Brahe, a Dane and a noble Mario fummus.
purist 773.b.c.
Homer, why do not you meminerīs of Tire:: fr.28.


Page 297


fr.36.
These {iis & Sidoniis non licuit iurare nifi.,.,.
; "" 4o.pr.5.fr.28.
Tyriorum annus 8.pr.31.
Tyriorum epoch 437.b.c.
Tyiiogm & Sidoniorum lingua Hebrai 4O..
pr.i.fr.31.32.
ss. 18. 34.35.37.
Tyrus vetustissima Romanorum Colonia 437.b.c.
Tyrus quando cond caepta fi.28.29.42.
Tyrus bis and Nabuchodónoforo capta 39.pr.28.
34.fi.ii.33.34.36.37.
Tzad and Græcis dissiculter pronuntiatum in Tau.
vertitur fr.29.
TzintzgmRexSinarum perpetuo longissimo mui.
Sinas and Tartaris disclüfit.
'366.c.
v.
V. 587.b.
Valens Genethliacus 5o9.
Valentis Aug. interitus 384.b.c.
Valentiniani fenioris initium 512.c.
Valentiniani iunioris mors 513.c.
Valentiniani hæretici fr.38.
Valerius Gratus 54o.c.d.
Varronis diligentia 388.a.
Vandalorum in Africam traie & us 612.b.
Vafenfe Concilium 25.pr.8.
Vafio Vocontiorum, Vaifon 25.pr.9.19.
Vcetenfes 25.pr.15.
Vcetiae jÉÉÉ; 25.pr.16.
Vencienfis episcopatus in fecund Narbôáôïí.
25.pr.2o.
Veneralia 184.c.
Venetis dies veteribus Arabibus Gcra 519..
CD.
Venus Chobar Arabibus 52o.b.c.fr.27.
Vefpafianus Imperator 472.c.d.
Vicennalia Coiistantini Magni ii.pr.5.5o7.c.d.
Victorini periodus magna 16o.a.b.
Victor Episcopus Roii. 156.b.
Vi & amp; Capuanus Episc. 160.c.
Vigilia 5a quotüplex ibid..
Vinalia 184.c.
Vincentius Diaconus Aginnenfis 618.b.
Vinciacus locus 621.d.
Come facerdotes.
templo abstinebant.
fr.26.
Yyy; Vintium N D E X.
 vintiumNerufioruminAlpibus Graijs metropolis.
25.pr.21.22.
vi (étè mysteria iv rr4 ** 419.b.
vifitatio Lunæ, * dnt plu * J}; IO.2.
vocales apices in lingua Hebraea Maforitarum.
inuentum in fr.15.
Vocladum Piëtonum 615.b.c.
ibid.
vocladenfe prælium.
vç audita'ex adytis templi Hierosolymitans.
H 1Nc MI GREMVS. 23.pr.36.
v, Chaldaeorum, idest, philophophi & fàcerdotes.
fr.ii.
v, Chaldæorum diéta Camarine fr.iz.
and so on and Romanis in Fastis notati.
385.b.c.
véré, quid Horatio, & Statio 484.b.
Vrie fr.ix.
Vrim & Thummim 654.b.
vticenfis episcopatus inprima Narbonenfi, Wetz.
25.pr.1415.
Wy.
WAhAch 294.c.51i.d.
wahascht XXIX dies menfis Perfici 297: d.
Wai 587.b.
MVaß 587.c.
X.
Xerx m with idem qui Assuerus 41.pr.17.18.2o.
Xerxes Medus homo priuatus Darij pater fr.zo.
Xerxis initium 4o6.d. tranfitus 4o7.a.b.c. caedes.
o8.c.
4.
xuéhitl. Rofà, XX dies mcnfis Mexicans 224.d.
Xylophoria solenne 649.c.
Xystus pont. max • fr.15.
Y.
Yalhalim vualonuth f & # 3.
...
Z.
Zachani as pater Iohannis Baptistae de plebé.
fàcerdotum 344.a.
Zacharias Propheta fub Dario Notho 42.pr.17.
Zar 577.d.
Zata 587.b.
Zero 587.a.
Zerubabel 43.pr.67.
Zinfdag Germanice Merkedonius dies JI77 ,.
Ziu menfis 212.a.373.d.374.2.
Zoroastres 7ipovg% M; .210.
Zorobabcl 43.pr.6.7.595 b.
I N D Ex I N D E X,.
R ARE A R V M.
 V O C V.
 A.
AE Xinam bei.33.
bulls Arabs 68th.
avasars 38pr.9.
399.C.
Abbex / r.38.
wastage a44.5.
a fiz phys.
ibid ibid.
outdoors 3% indoor 4b.59.
races 4k 456.d.
thematics theme themes 476.C.
aadana 516.ab.
I played contest 478 d.
id. fr.39.
inactive days 6.C.
enzymes etiam Paha hyocantur 573.a.
the first or) 26ns.14.
celebration of the 26th no.
Egyptian god 428.4.
f7.46.
Nolos 47O.C.
mint 55.b.
electrophony, 637.b.
of a 2,445.
 > \\ I.
fisherman (6 female fr.27.
abduction of abuinotiaorum / abulo / u, 287.c.
climbs 7.a. 13.6.26.b, fine Mo / i.
deoni, 42y; 4.d.4aa.422a.
aphronitis fr.25.
6.C.
trips 3b.
1.3).
"It is a nun and a sigh.
was depreciated: i. has been accommodated.
Signatures due. n.
Suspension of the joints;
sun rays.
274.d.
Seal of the seam.
68o.c.681.a.682.b.c.
b.1 ,.
54oa.bs.
9.d.
Dress up 7254.
Spozomal 155.c.
Spade Fake of the Induced 1955.
Day 6.c.c.
0phrias b.28.
arfmanio Peptid, Orc 588a.
number of pens "625.c.
fr. I and.
you are looking for a job or a career in 1956.
"Fr.
beginning, 7.a.16.b.
in order. war 411, 4.
unsigned source 646.4.
"Sirrim 38pr.12.
"Irony Imdai 338.c.
vehicle "vehicle b.20.582.cd.
/ r39.
5 / C.
the lassarart "38.pr.
air aircraft / eu passage f.2639.
uncountable% non kne dicitur a Co.
pernico 29o.d.
e47.5.
unfortunate 479.b.
fr. fr 32 ,.
fluctuation of 0 ° C to 170 ° C.
fateless, fr.2ο.21.582.cd.
"Vehicle" fr.21.582.cd.
abstraction 33.b.
destruction of osidide in mem / e Noucmbri.
7o.c.
412.c.587.b.e.
unsealed 75.d.76.a.
B.
kedezoi 38.pr.15.
or Grasshopper 649 4.
bainyl, phthalates, fr.
b.
eczema bacteria 2.47.4.
  Yyy 4 valea.baleazar '38pr8.fr:29.
heavy duty, palatium f.44.
nauw bows, prgrand. "Jr.44.
king 39.4.
basso fr35.
/ RTI & gt;
abomination abortion / ub Antiocho 584.c.
6.5.
fr 25.
3% achievable week.
lt; / RTI & gt;
two-sided Alexander 415 cd.426.of dein.
air ,.
I drive a Karnio, 57.c.
2.434.


Page 298

9. b. asy ibid.
d. incipit ibid. ancient 3o bb ibid lake.
beekeeping b.26 year 36.d.
Tuborum, Babyloniorum, Tyriorum, Diptera apotera, subex 377.c.
doniorum, Ammonitarum 578. cdfrz, dione b.26.
Twenty-six twelve-year chaldean 5pr. 1415.
Fea frzo.26578.c twelve years Onomacriti 5.P. ".24.
lt; / RTI & gt;
be it hycteribus libri, non dife E.
fr4 / fr fr: 35.
Borsifa fra9 Seventh Apollo 52 c.
Northeast Chernivtsi ff.19 seventh bullfighting 6944.
β "below, mer / i, 55.a. 38th, 1418b, 29333,
4g specimens or "mice 419.d.
ibid.
it was the throne of the bz fr fr: the third twenty-sixth century 625.C.
shallow, maho 52.c twenty-five years a pr.I.4.19o.cd.
bgGea fr: 3th sin the abil and 38pr.7.
buck Jr.3ο οβόλιμος a 323.d.332.c.
 unfolding f.3.
t. mu 414.
olive # 3o.
Geratratos 39pr.17fr.36 is missing Judai 149 bc, 432.5.
earthworks) Th 39pr.17b.36 ps.38.
I was acquainted with Crepundia 358.c Remembrance of Osiris 2.474.
genesis, 6.98.b vaccine, vaccine, embolization 33d.
ibid. irrigation I63.c.
  in particular, 5 ab.
D some shades 5.4.
484.c.
Dow / V39 enucleoconjugates Cripilli9, Teophili.
55.6 158.d.159.b. .
dowries. 412.C.586.c dies day 6.e.559.d.
they had 586. c information. 6.c.
day spawning of 57 l.cm. daylight at a73.c.d.
sows three masculine Athos more 263c single monks 539.4.
the tenth treatex, verse 263.c ninth 5th c.
 prayer •, fr: 39 exception, 2 exceptions, excuses, 4Pr.
Photoshot 25pr.25.26pr3.557.5 19.34.b.c..
4,44 exc. day 4pr + 7,7426.
Statement 654.b.c spread 163.c.
combustion.
OR.
I0.3.4.
sophistication.
 festive day !.
feast.
19.b.288.a.
6.C.
7.pr.8.9.
7.b.188.6.194.6.195.b.294.a.c.
Living Olympus ,.
Cesium request '.
peanut.
appended 155.d.
sunshine in the sun 6.d.
stepper step 15g9bq. 5b.
search 378.a.
unexpected mise 272.c.
569.d.
Followers of 419.a.b.
see 419.a.b.
season 18.a.358.5.
over 2 years.
47.pr.4.
working day 559.b.
Example 55.b.
balloons 52o, 4.
fr.
ermio, shrider b.
586.c.d.
1 586 d.
Interpretation 569.4.
see 568.b.
538.a.b.c.d.
ETH S.
intact 749.b.
extra 36.d.
solar 16.b.I95.d.d.
Thex ibid.
cynic L6 b.195.d.
smooth 15.C.
15.c.c.
Sacred Shrine "385.4.
Drosis Cassette, 7o.c.
Match Matches 477.4.
on-call, p.
Myrtle Chefs 419.4.
amshoe air 7.27.39.
a.
Illumination 5 a.
sunflower, Pherecydi, 75.c.M.tonis 75.d.
elicie city f.44.
day big 7pr.ps. at 26pr34.
during the day 2.97.c.
it was 22pt.5.57t.b.
days nominees in the sun intellectur.
297.0.
half Cyrus 37. pr. 34.582.d.583 af.2o.
c L '.
5.I.i.
fr.
Th.
Theodome 624.b.
therapists. See 22pr.8.538.4.
thiobenzaldehyde 824.b.
ibid.
you think of a lamp or a dagger 419.d.
Thype and Tea Fuid 36.b.
 I.
Jáve, fr.
a fr.38.
i. aza) fr: 38.
see below, fr: 37.
ethanol 39 ppm; 29.35.
λ, νW θ β.39.
I drive "55.b.
straight 69.d.
fourth or induced 195: i.
equals 147.b.c.
equally 2.47.C.
Israeli Saturns αgnomen β.39.
Iowa "the Assyrian Fourth.
K.
Cadmium fr.32.
quads "/r.45.
kakkai fr.3i.3a.
capellas 476. e.d.
captains respected 48I.c.
36.c.57.a.58.a.
Carthage.
mkKgpxy% rv el a f fr.32. 243.4peruaxte.
xwrw %% tja,% d ete d \ •. fr.19.
xey% aA® fr.35.
xävara. 4.pr.25.
xiyaga, xa / e / «? quatuor fr.41.
a. d pó 16.c. 147.a.637.d.
xí $ in popular 4.pr.2 I.
x £ / $,% veyò 4.pr.31.32.
x $ v% e / y $. aphὴ 4.pr.2o.
xvq) aAíá \% diphtherae fr.43.
xwfiajoi Cyprij fr.46.
xino, 2emonispatria fr.46.
xxwp% amus 375.c.
xyæ Canaam fr.35.
xowa, Aaia, â. '479.a.
xoua 'Thπnxô ve / a. ibid.
xoiv6% or Esseni 2.I.pr.4o.41.
x9p € aj,% eg, © g? '4th. pr.6.fr.28.
xpöfia. 53.4.
xóçoi fr 14.
xùxxa Métovg »Arato 41o.b.
xw / xj; C / iaotis 195.d.
xwe / a. cxxxnvia. 6I.C.
xvela, cxxxnoia, traj; 63.4.
xv & ax% of actin 694.4.
A.
A. id e $ t, AOY> .TPON 384.c.482.
d5oI.d5o2.a.
from & Cubitos fr.15.12.
zgxona] aextòa, 3.pr.9.
zgwtws Sosstitij dies 759.a.
zgwtwów mnsrekis kwoSz. 419.d.
A / a / a / a. 29.b.55.a.b.
At, vaid; 55.a.b.
z33oois $ olis decrefçit 285.b.c.
A "Ga ;. fr.44.
Aæ $ e.9 624.b.
M.
Mayde, fr.33.
I. /.
Azyae / %%, payaeuouis III.4.
pays ^ e, fr.45.
/ & / uaxtne / awy 3 & quot; a.b.2.42.d.
Aguaxtn, 3b.
pazgxên ^ @ 42.8.4.
azy} & gt; 539.4.
A $% xêyra 3); , Merodach fr.zz.
Parages fr.35.
measure © 38.pr.16.
/234.p$o cafbum 558.d.
μ € gel gel. 7.pr. Io.II.2.6.pr.34.
large aortafem iaiey 27.pr.6. & c.
puexg% we9; fr.28.
p. £ Axgptos Hercules Tyrius fr. z8.
mr a ^ sc fr. 36.
176.c.d.
puer $ a os tttx *. xeylwi 288.d.z89.a.
with (&% az% atw, 559.b.d.
puerga locis, quid 272.c.d.duplex ibid.
m px px, "m px px.
puerluafioois 172.d.3zza.


Page 299

a.
x3 'μύας% and 297.c.
μονάζοντες Essemi 2.I.pr.4o.
pwswo% w% fr.48.
μῦ & grw in veteribus libris do not dissuade..
rumt fr.35
uváôw, instituted Tertullian 4192.
I. *.
μιλία fr.27.
μya, 4I9.4.
μιτysios 38.pr.16.fr.36.
gg; fr.48
«And fr.49
A (9va) /% fr.49.
N.
In € w%, goes € wr} s \ fr.15.22.
vaGoyíég; fr.zz.
vaGotoXaazey, 397a.fr.9.
/.
go herein »; * 397.a.fr 9.
va6% 9% ydavey; 4oo.a.578.b.
/.
goes% e% e% Ges; 4oo.b.578.b.
One pejo Chriíliani hæretici 539.c.
\.
goes% aptooi / fr.ir.
\ • •.
Reunion / erpens in Hieroglyphicis $ 4..
see4via x £ aeAtaJta, 24.4.63.c.
wtou4via, zpvtāvéia; 262. &.
I. »! .
V £ Oy £ *; 385.4.44o.4.
vnq does ì / & yiay Aτοςύλων 697.d.
urwn;.
f.43.
Oy% a; O rrwxjoioi • 62.a.2.; D.
Oy} a; {gmanorum 9.C.
oiy% az fr.32.
άλλαττα Alexandriæ 476.d.
άλίμπτος A ^ e / a / is 48o.c.
άμαλα] xwia $; 188.a.
άμας ὸς 625.c.
£? Asserus idem 587.c.
ôula $ a,, öey.av%} ',.
άρναῖοι? ^. II.
It is; fr. 11.
άρχn fr.11.
$ a opi; 0phrius fr.2.8.
εῖον 25.pr.21.
8eyfa fr. 2.6.
$ awe9; fr.28.
$ owός Efau fr. 1.8.38.
άφ% αλαδ Qp * 3y38Aov 2.47.4.
άφια duplex 568.b.
άμzpáior 6.4.
II.
IIa ^ a] veys and fr.29.46.
$ haja 478.c.
7wa% a / a. A'wwia.πυνάλωia, & New &.
v {a. 48o.b.
πύεμος u4v 55.b.
* Reveals the 377. c.
to %% 483 b, c.
χ. £ y ^ Γ £ IV 73o. c.
<§, xg & j tlogaoiAtia fr. 16
to% 7ryuz quid \ • 65.c.
a $, ox®) 7. pr. zz. & fequ. 2.6.pr.15. & *.
let's face
232 oxev * iv ^ ajx) quatenus definitor 569.
c.d.
z $% yes% 73o.c.
~ rapaßaaik az £ C £ r * 2.2.4.4.
rapixCagis 165.c.
I. »•. \ 1.
πέαα ίεσ \ ajów wouxjv 158 b.
zdae aja gwoiuo, ibid.b.c.
3 r. q) ayéi, 27.pr.21.
í ^ r! © raae, ζy 6oz.b.
• 7th. ^ T € 4aU, fr. 55
nrtvätns & ia / Gς 5Iwc.
Find I63.c.
rwtmx * 2.6.pr.39.557.d.
aerated); avxtahs 9.d.
see & aad; x £ p £ a5z, fr. 12
see / file iuipa, 7.c.39.4.
xvfioi xv% o {% fr.13.
zrjviyia. 3o.d.
πλημμύez I69.b.
r ^ /% o and 691.b.c.
πολιτήey 4nte difçubitum 571a.b.
τομτύa, Feralia 2.434.
τυμττέ9 Epμῦς 2.434.
πα {λεα apátseys, ^ & neys 14b.
τοςaja. 775.d.
τωςaja t ;; ovxt Jwc 753, d787 c.d.
τοτιμ} ς ßooiXixi; 399. £.
apaaia] S. Marco quid 571.4.
ae% to% x) tvAm 555C.
aegedpo 62. £.
See it and see ^ ex & gtnex * 273 b.
let it be eaten; 164a b.17.d.2.9z.a.
Aegáussioois ratiociniorum Arabicorum.
147.d.148 b.
aegςμήάσεως ovxtoajxj; caussæ 32.i.d «(9 *.
deinceps. .
aegejùo 2.6pr.zo.zi. & c..
I. »W.
ae9 # ynoris iongaeum, quid 189. d. 29th. a.
29I • 4 • 292.4.
aegi & utwia. 2.2.3.C.
apog & £ Cato, 16pr.zo. & c.
<fooix / a / or / 3pr.13.
wpoaSz®aiptoris 33.a.b.
aptadεδταις ibid.
opo $ s7v] fuipa, 6.c.749 b.
apvth & į 62.c.634.
apvtāvéîâ quid 26a.6.d.
apvtjwia. »Astnoris 457.b.
• pvt * vafa; to 4.pr.4o.
vfioA £ / &}; fr.46.
πῦρ> ri »ay Nero 47o.c.
Σ.
Σa ££ av £. fr.z ;.
ov% a% & A £ y $. ¥ o, opo'v, 6.pr. 417.
pr.6.7.
ew% a *, is ¥ €€ ato, ^ & tejveyTw 25pr.2516 pr.
2.3fr.54.
au £ Catw, 359 • c.
awxia, ¤Épa / fr. 18
help fr.3ι.
to £, oyua 586.b.
atlegri; fr.38
osieas Milus 37o.d.
avxòg, xgjoix * 3.pr.9.
virtuptwdi τόλις I344.
• \ a <* apa. Y. I344.
•% nei; »Uo nwi & τα / arrefè 457.
b.c.
exmoxmyia 2.6.pr.39.
to% xvua pn, Montana Lyciæ.
owpov, Hiromus.
aviprszg. 457.c.d.
avy% vx}, deuºr 593.4.
ovutio, (1). Marcoquid 571.4.
awarusslagis I644.
auJo} ς σελως 9.d.
ave; £ »tae, 24o.c.d.eorum annus Iulia.
$ 7114 ibid.
ave9i8J \ joi fr. IO
I heard} ¨ Camicula 2.47.b.
où ;, $ y $ twe% fr.29.
 r.
Taxere) Onomacriti 5pr.14.
tat peoxaßex * tf * / aipeos 158.b.
πάrapto, 196.a.
tiva, Sinæ fr.29.
• tstvoi fr.z8.
πνέωo} Iudæi 538.c.d.
orgy £ ^ {πνοι 457.4.
relig; Aerabica 139.pertotum.
ae / erne! »origo 298.c.
neova, * v &% u <eys Mexicanorum 9. c.225.
a.b.
te / rw. isauí »pro Λευτíeg. 64.d.
(& ra)% e // a, what is Græcis 4.pr.31.16.
c.z83.b.414.d.
'& ex * e * s *; fr.i..
^ rva ^ rdwa 3 bacula fr. 15.
tvey; fr.19.
^ r.
Y} γῆς fr.48.

^ z% ajvov, ^ & z% αλεον, íuípe, 7. c.
2.64.
^ 2% atwi iuipa, 7.4.642b.
• \ a% μέey, âwc 139.a.b.
^ & z %% tvi iuipa, 7.4.
^ 2 # οχὴ 63oab.
^ & aroru) oiatahs 7a.15.c.34.d.i6va.
ę 1.
φαγό% Faaa 27pr.zr.
qaa% 695 b.
Causes Avxia); 9d.
qέγάeo, 9.d.377.c.
q)% xws 38.pr.1 ;.
φητόν pro Φpntrà, 477 d.
q ^ doié utaj 58.4.
Qoîw% Phinees fr.3s.
<pegte / a], contubernia 477.d.57o.d.
Q prte / a, qp * ® £ go Neapoli 477d 478a.
q) vyuaxia, 38.pr.16f3o.
qvxa) 15.
qοκαττ. frä8.
<pa (& solemn Encæniorum Macabaei 435d.
X.
X Græcis hodiernis fonat vt cJ ^^ •.
Arabum aut j ^ v Iudaicum 24 © 4.
24 £ a?, / ^ Enus 52 ob.
already ya; 399 b c.
aaaav ,, id e $ t, mathefis fr.ia.
ya9 63Lc.
23e%. 51.d.
x ^ ß; , fr 36
χ ^ όζαρτος. 62.45.
χττόμ Græcia fr.46.
χλαλεῖ9 62.4.4.
xA «anddro 62.4.b.
what; 214 b.
2 £ vov% va gyó Jardibus 476.d.
$ (2.
9e * 4c.d.
<ey p. 247. 4.632.d.
aegyezqoi 2.47.d.
Exe., 4Iz £.
dix®, Ååpans, & óávápns idem 587.b.c..
J ". 2O.
INDEXI N D E X.
O R I.
N n 1 j N.
pn> ii you go.
rhinis
iìR.
in *.
*) is.
| 1 iris.
, * nnN ;.
,. t = pe ny ^.
  mris.
• * vjn8.
cyyys
fg * is.
l yyi ^ N.
riinps
ngjs.
* ~ * p $ vel sgs.
* & nyps.
IgN.
* inps.
ipip * p *.
 • •.
| q »\. s].
 nys.
^ s ns.
ajls
33). 23 **) j.
«39; J« 3 ° ^).
«Y» <= 'ā) ;.
&& 'ā) ;.
the

Page 300


*.
\.
E N T A L.
v or C V M.
 J3J C [9] Primus días, Perfice 2.14.b.
ji & * & 3 **.
qns * ~ *.
nim, cns.
'DYN.
r ~ & nns nis.
• rhymes.
tys.
tyans
I v M.
& apos;} x £ pa; 39.pr.16.
Epiflola frag.17.
Adu I3I, €.
J4dan 577.c.
Adar 577.c.
frag.39.
frag39.
ῦ ottey a & riey 2.5.pr.3o.
Ochri 577.c.
0chor, Achos 587.b.
Menfis æquino & ij autum.
malis 369.â.
? Fr9
Eli / â 4o.pr.1 fr.31.
»Ouo ^ §ysi 655.c.
Chriæ; scita • - ibid.
frag.17.
ia '& s. % eztrevtis zzpr.
Io 338.b.
Medicine 538.b.
0 / in vel Ofi. 577.c.
E $ ter 587.a.
%% ixouov 572.4.
Sol Profice 586.c.
Etzer vel Atzer 577.c.
Ari, Ar 587.a.
Æra 18.pr.9. Io
άτυχὰ f; dixipoTog 24I.4.
42.5.c.
ίτυχὴ τά Ax £ a} p * 2.41.
4.42.5.C.
άτυχη jú / άλωαν 425.C.
άτυχη ύ αjyvfia »495 d.
£ t >> $ // 3v for 18pr.
9.495d.
Sa. h G>> 5.
e = *> a.
niy aa.
iij.
Aria.
-aia
 vfipn iöx.
laugh.
tym pa.
fiya
tisna
fiy na.
p nia
* ~ In children.
* jv nva.
aunt
r- * a.
v% a.
* xwtoya.
frag. 1 1.
•, frag. 1 f.
ave918} αῖοι fr.io.
JAeres, Eres, 587.c.
JArth, Artha 587.b.
qvzgx) 637: 4.
J4 / kenaz 656.b.
€ i% € αλος,% αλος.
38.pr.14.39pr.iofra 9.
Iudæi βabylonij Ægy.
ptienfe * 149 b.
38pr.15.
ßadu 131.c.d.
ßaö mox Phænicib.fr.27.
ß} ςΆος fr • 4th.
Nabuchodonofor 393394.
• pro Nabonassar ibid.
hit takphat 128.a.13.b.
a $$ elap $; t% ox% τε.
569b.
μετw% £ you; ástipaj ».
 368.b.
'Caflrum' praetorium, pa.
latium `fr.44.
frig.39.
Loci momen 553.d.
T) omus Iudicij Io3.d.
7) omus gratiæ 555.c.
T) omus / ecunda, i.pofle.
rivers templum 535c.
ßelus fragm. zo. 578. d.
73fc 577.c.
ß% χίς fr.zo.578.c.
ßelti 577.e.
frag. zo.578; c.
Z zz r- 33r- \ 9> 577.e failed.
A * s, i.
1® »r * via, • 699.c.
* already and; ßgax, βλος, [Beelido.
today 39.pr. 14.578.c.d.
fr.zo.z6.
ast • ya * fr.z «.
¬giy ya ßax & we9; 39.pr.18.
niy Yya 38.pr.8.
r = 'py% and we / 98egy $,% 3x'ju.
 rig fr.16.
t = py n% ya ßaaXùs, häm, 8eyyia.
fr.26.
fr.3or ^ ¥ s δχυρωμα.
rhinitis ßerytus fr.4o.
vna oris, fr.39
rV a.
3 s i.
t = aisin Mfndices 655.e.
nΊΛ φ & yu}; feper fr.3 • Gaugamela l de.
t> e $ g <* £ * **; £ 42.I.4.
Exis Qui diaâ 31.pr.1.
2 H. ®® ¢ :: Meridies 7o2.h.
* i * ibã Gatrad 132.4.
fine emissary 37o.4.
 <Gehon duo flumina eiuf.
gy% ** 'you have cognized 37i.a.
C5! <S * Teuelatio 2 idest Trans.
 * figurative 72.o.a.
'JS Mijia se, a.
A *> Feriafexta 138.c.
I. • 1.
8 \ * <! ozzyJ \ G • ij qy & oiy.
Io3.4.
l> £ :: (Pœnitentia 7o3.b.c.
r ~ ps> & το9noweuou}; fr.46.
'\ W'} {**, Libertas.Tvocaturlin.
gua Abißinorum 68o.c.
   and I. ^ »•.
rninujy na 6 άσ τίς ἐςτ ptns, 5.
άααςapto,% e% pa.
 Tog 39.pr.17.fr.36.
t = jgn fpf J4pparatus pluuiæ frgg.
 53.65o. b.
grmU,: \ {£ * Mint oliuarum 696.d.
Iii, 3252, fr.39.
j ^ o Saeculum 298.a.
mm 1) auid fr.31.
Magnus 5th.
415.c.d.
r ^ ni rip £ aois judez, 641.e.
r 1) ai 587.b.
rinn άποxsest «$ nutricum 4o.
 prae fr.31.
Ti 1) ach $ 77.d.
rin) nPYT Xuyoxâ 435d.
§ • 4, & v *? ápás »6λφις Perfice,.
Q ° 'J) 586.d.
v¤i 3 & euág 586, d.
 NT 1) atha 587, a.
U.
t = "nor Hagareni III, 4.
8) = 6 J \ oyuk ^ 'x? £ pnoxaia;
s 136.4.
<39; s & *] Hagaremi III. 4
 . nim frag.47.
rt μυήn 588.a.
«» \.

rnm, ve nn; 3 & fr.38.
Hi, Adonai, yeah. en.37.38.
JS »Find out more about it.
  u4vo {jk q e% jios.
no & iiluca, moon cornice.
 •. can Io2.d.io3.afr.17.
wnj is • - in άοσφόeos ῦς τῆς ἐς.
frag.39.
T? R, & r J \ ai% n βασιλός fr.
  22
X d 4 o),.
C $>% Epqgomenae Perficæ.
 294.c.
* ym Wai 387.b fnjuri ἐγκωμι & '435.c.
not Wait 587.c.
JJ dsc :: Terminus 7o2.c.
* H 3 1;.
riimye * n * fiip Cibaria duarum 'Dinner.
«Rum 569.b.
 * ı 2ar 577.d.
Yes 2ero 587.a.
* ~ ^ 2ata 587.b.
* * to æ. ri.
J ^> {habor flumem 399.c.d.
$. JJ vt fi, absimi 68o.b.
in oJormyla 7.pr.m. & c.
z6.pr.35.116.c.
I came to Coniunguntur 223. a. d.
  22.454.
t = wan 26.pr.37.
ii * i Had Haddom 577.c.
t = y ^ 'vin Menfis dierum quid.
22.I.c.
* 2nd in Haudoni xeipe weus.
fr4g3. .
r * mn} ^ iue, χjps »ὐχapa.
r4g32.
vi ^% in μά £ av £ CatzJ, 559 b.
 uwyn Heuvil 577.c.
«)% ÎÔc P ::> aiw ^ yes 68o4.
Rjs in veljn, '■ 4oprio.
•. tyn éj & pw9 39.pr.1o.
• -as xas; 13 etyn 38.pr.7.
 vy caayr, ieeju £ a ^ sç frö7.4o.
 iyr, Saeculum 2.98.4.
p * n £) iuifio I5.pr.22.
• -yyìyfi Hannibaal 578.d.
1m •• §a9 538.c.
«\ F. • '.
i & q * 1%, shut M% 2.2.pr.1z.
|> om »• ίοτάτας 538.c.
* vor, άμοι 538.c.
*) yri fr.3 *.
yayii FHafdrubaal. 578.d.
tyr. avipvae 38.pr.1z.
rjp ^ yn fr.31.
CSalo Q> Hadramuth fr. 31
>} <j ^ άτωλιςπλέτωνος ibid.
ann herib 577.c.
,% is illegal, Mecha item.
pj 52.o.c.d.
§ Mecham regressors.
fj 5zo.c.d.
rginn Embamma Paschale,.
572.b.
Fixujn Computus Ioz.c.
sybyn etabyn Hafmunai Macabaei do.
mus & gens 436.d.
437.4.
\ <; : <zuvo? :: Cha / son A% uz. ®e *.
gia Methiopiæ 68oc.
68i.c
 Ayle & A (AH a7i £.
cyip £) ecretum, Ediétum.
`` 6oi.b.
yppp <? /? * v :: (Refiduú Epaétæ 69o.bie.
MT f g 6 5.
r ^ Pi'ine μέeuou} ς, ίφημεειa fr.55.
v = yn Ham 587.b.
"~% Alneatio, Epiphania.
r j.
* Cippus q + An 213 b.
&: $ '] Save link »^ wç x4o *.
r \, Iab 132.4.
  a.
Arin ijio »sumia. χέες.i.

Page 301


x3 ae} λ ^ μ * 631.é.
 ... I.
r-pp i'io woJfa. ixiT ^ *% to%.
631 c. .
1 /;> or \ DZzz 2. • 1 • "Soso ** ^? * ^.
priy
œynon
yip
eyysyn.
Iinn ,.
inap.
* n gj ^, 2 * P.
n>.
did you?
¬>.
t -; $ m pi>.
py \>.
ju *>.
t-vfiix.
Int) R, P * ::.
'ey% ^^ is.

>% ?.
t = "np ;.
i>.
njg 'iya; a'iyayya.
rp3 spa
j <>]].
2136 *: *.
w)>.
myj>.
t = f>.
2. to J> '.
¬ys' ;.
ia ',.
wyia ',.
:% μάτῆez fra7.
μονο% fr.48.
(ì) ies, id est, ammus So.
laris 297.b.
μεγαλκ ἐμάez7 £ r.i3.i8.
Iudæi Ifraelitæ, Eggyp.
tien / es 149.b.
^ 'arce9x * 6394..
άττερχ; ibid.
άτος άμέολλῶν 139.4.
p ^ yiis';.
S} æ p • So ■ ■).
and \ '.
cJ}} the ".
py rib.
the \ J ^ ::.
rnio
ijs 3 nib.
ya nrintjvr a) in * nib.
cypsivm cx * '* * Tay.
aggregavi; g * ® fr.15.
Memfis Perfice 213 d.
Menfis magnus zo8d.
homines Mediæ & Perfi.
Dis 36.pr.12.
ysrvx ^ ioia 698b.
(1) ominus frä6.
agτγω ©, u'τysw9 38.
pr.i6fr.36.
i ■ I..
λύτysy® e and «e% ezG <.
** & £ xie x / y].
39.pr.17.
jg ^ Mefehah 577.c.
gó Angelus 11pr.5.
Tnn â € aaiA & 9 »gaaix &; ax.
 J \% 9m 33.pr.18.36 ,.
pr.18.581.d.583.a.b.
* yaTy ^ plexgy £ n2o3, Idolum.
'Palmyrenorum 428.a.
^ y% p Meltzar 577.c.
rry ^ Oblatio 57o.4.
** ^ Mani 587.b.
II, n »ieri ?.
• ,.
laugh py ^.
ob.
_j * a ~.
t = nxn.
• -yaip
inp.
inint
1 • so.
<e / 3a3; ßaoiXeia; Ex.
λωor. Æra Graeco.
} '/// 7? 429.b.
> or \ /.
of / 6a6% avußo ^ ajov.
Aera Contra & iuum Io6.
a.429.b.654 a.
More
Ægyptus.
587.c.
7o5.d.
Ægyptus 391.d.
μάp € aA® 39pr.19.fr.36.
Mero 577.b.
μαpóxirta ^ ® fr.zz.
3 \ otitns, we / g fra6.
• ^ And So old sSo / 3} / aj, xJewe aj # & twr ,.
, r gp.
Chobar fluuius 399.b.
Struktur 15.pr.22.
Chad 577.d.
Anyone at all 573.a.
Arabs Scemitae 681.a.
Chußhan 577.c.
Cuthaei 66I.4.
hesretici, ®efraéîarij.
69od.
1) iuimaculi 353 d.
'A% r «fr.36.
Jácerdotes, philofophi.
fr. 11
Chem 577.c.
cxyißazos ßaozgx * 39.
pr.3f35.
^ T © £ αχ904 ;.
you have
zz3a.b.c.
69o.d767.b.
dλάληψις J4 ^ 697.b.
xy, rex item ἐπα ¥.
(§® Perfica lingua.
586.c.
Sun Perficoidiomate 586.c.
Qyprij fr.46.
Letzár 577.c.
Lebo 577.b.
frai.15.
Iupiter, Idolum Ga.
zenfium fr.36.
ciyaaváaau, extrahere
  fr.48
fyaf ^ tj ^ r ^ iat ^ Le & ii difcubitorij; ji.a.
ajaazw * $; fr.48
nnn.
* * or - j>.
¬ysy
ixx
Mether 587.4.
Clean 577.c.
Mebo 577 b.
t = yaút, 1) meaningful 571.4.
c \ <^ aegowingic 698.b.
jpp 'nyvb.i. fip fecundus a rege fr.18.
niayn nio μvq yevo / άμφολισμέ, id.
east, Computus annalis.
625.4.63o.c.
sp Sai 587.a.
1523> or »£ or yrv% oia. 698.b.
¬gnisis ;.
vyiy.
ποιχisy.
• y'aaiay pro
I ^ gyiaia ;.
T r gm.
ij ;.
£) JJ; OCAP 43 ::.
12S so 5th.
j9 / 9 *.
C ^ JjJy.
 & \% • j% /% *.
J4}.
r g'in ngny.
vpypwjn npy.
wx.
vnyy.
ny %% y
T \ jy.
 3 * J »ro D.
«3Ie9 <Jl» & iavi; eô.
and * * Jl.
goes %% p6oveps fr.i ;.
Mabomidus, Labynitus.
37.pr.36fr.zz.
Maasgoriāg; fr.12.
fr. 9.15.
T) emunciatio 57o.c.
Mego 577.b.
c <\} GXI..
ßaoiXe £ ;.
679.c.
τ (αμέ; ßaoiXixi; 399 • €.
Æquino & iium Perfice_.
• V.
αττοφυλιχ94.
what viuseia zo9 b.
This is a æquino & iium vocation.
Nabonussarin 28Mar.
tij 171. d.272.a.296 a.
JMequino & iium JMutummi.
272.4.
0ccafus flellarum, defend.
fus flellarum 271.c.
'& ir ^ w £, ovxhinc, incre.
patio lumae 631.c.d.
xxvi, £ xi «568.b.
1Night. 577.d.
Nergal 577.c.
vn & yxfove9; fr. I $.
Mefi, Epagomenae El.
kupti I94 • C.
Mefehroch 577.c.
2o8. b.
193 d.
(Periodus Lumaris 148.d.
2o8.b.z7od.
1a> co </ aA *}; , A / (697b cloud.
CS; * 'Samaritae 661.4.
ä »= άλ» * άτg έμβολμgjoy 14.b.
I39.4.
r- pppp r yt Jéro, = & τολυτό 57I.c.
* <£ Sepha, Spa 587.c:.
TYPP Hifpania Iudaeis hodier.
 * my 656.b.
"^^ yn nvae πεντηκος * Interuallum a.
Pascha ad Pentecossen.
557.c.
C § ', Jj C ») *) Aryear anymore.
& you, hoc efl Madiani.
tæ & Omeritae 111.a.b.
^ ant, Nno Stha, Sthe 587.b.
* ~ & yp Sethra 587.b.
& 9; * • Epgomenae 188.c.
v * £ \ y.
t = yijy i and Jobdalonim fr3o.
r-inyyy a Cj & szp ^ s 38.pr.9.
 *) and ichos x% άμθολισμ} ;.
 io3 c. 123. b. 619. d.
630. a.
, ^ yp ^ ayoy, 63o.a.
cwi ^ y άμφολιςzi »id is, Condi.
'' Computorum tores an.
malium 63o.c.
Vyy \ hry Aίγλίθηλος Idolum ΤΡal..
•• • • • • nyremorum 42.8.4.
r-y Gaza vrbs fr.46.
JJex £) j Aequino & iium 109.b.
W> s.Zzz 3isoa VS s tapefa & aaig τῆς γηςvia;.
$.
694.a.
1soo> or παρεῖα € ασις τίς της fa ;.
3 6944.
- Ii * y §Jugo; fr.38
Piiy. t = * i'y ns fuperos fperafque frao.
 7 £ and? x {τεργ {a. fr.55.
_J * c feculum 298.a.
; vaot: geifiz * f: Annusgratie 495.C.
r-ijyn Angariæ 4OI.4.
¬ ingis niyn Angariæ Ester 597.b.
_, • 2 ^ c Pentecofle 646.a.b.
ney A / är 577.c.
r-yy.
pry * nvpy.
VCM ::> * y.
nany
!
np £ xany.
r-iy \> t ainy.
riytj ainy.
 ¬faav.
(ς; s € "Q" 9; *).
gsyèj.
rvus a nuye
vvy.
rjnyy Nnnnty.
r jnujv * fi ninjv.
i •.
, D £ c § 2 5] B.
 • iB.
«;% S * j * & © *.
Pentecofle 645 d.646.4.
Item o & taua $ oxtoo.
zmylas 7.pr.9.56o.a.
ligation Ifaaci præ & feq.
to% yox & h 6954.
äarseueus Iudaicus 569.
a. d •.
at $ yox & * q? τέαα 2.6.
pr.13.
 to $ and axavi ** â €% pA.
Àwy 2.6.pr.24.
^^ I.
z% zo xev, t% ovGCat8.
2.6.pr.2.1.
vv% $ * £ e9y 6.a.7o2.b.
Arabes Hagaremi II I.a.


Page 302


Iudæi in Aegypt 149.a.
: ἐαήμ € e9ς έ γέσεως.
73o.b.
$ ovâ;.
Hello
of apt to Σελajasriprs.
38pr.1 1.
ΠΡad 577.d.
 Padessa Preflegiani, Rex.
Apoflolicus, id is "Chri.
Fianus, Orthodoxus.
679.c.
i-Aa.
c * wB.
Already}.
twB.
yeah
tue
1sqq ;? σι $ e.
n%.
pryb
np £.
1 q * i * f £ ì:.
• -ips.
TyE
ne
jwB onh.
ina
DºnB).
cp ^ e.
G \ = ^ °, 3.
r \ vj ^ B.
• • •.
* Nj * £.
q} JJífi :: ritię.
Ii'yEyna.
pnina
° Y UX or ^ s **.
^^ 2 Xf \ Ì \ ::.
at.
, cnyn.
1 · or · 1 · a 1: oq ;.
_ /% <.
ryjn nnw.
L9a] C.> \ </.
GX3J.
Φbul 577.c.
xx * e96 646.c.d.
> lathesw 715ab.
(Phil. 577.d.
zxwu, e9. 37o4.
Φal 577.d.
μεσοποιία 697.4.
</% xns 38.pr.15.
eno fr.35
φazi 695 b, c.
tiaa 695.b.c.
¢ âxaug fiuiey. 642 b.
twow 39 I.d.
(Phar. 577.c.
JAera minor 448.c.
1Pharm 587.4.
xzgow> frangere 36.pr.1.
Pharfam 587.a.
> & τοςτλμ} ς. Pref.
Who ine putator is.
^ Negus Abyssimorum.
679.c.
Caput legis 368.b.
Φαεισαῖοι vnde "di & ti.
538.d.
Pafha. <paa; 6.95.b.c.
q) vyuaxid, 38. pr. 16
fr3o
xzgoua G. 57a.c.
Matutinum tempus7o / .b.
/.
μεσημCe / a. 637.4.
vnqua. Nimisitix) 699.C.
Tyrus fr.29.
% uæ τίς σελως, id.
est. »</ Nq) oq) oeia,}}}.
awów, io3.c.137.d.
Completes montis benedi.
& íi ​​2. oi τάδρες τὰ äv.
Asyrtę, id efi, Samari.
tæ montis, Garizim.
661.b.
ciyiyxcssimy.
n'yp.
c; * .3.
jy.
C and ^.
C 9λ •.
rising
* • c • • P.
J.ilf.
yxp.
• - ap.
r gum vj§ * m apáto, 'a * Catw, caput.
Amni 7.pr.7.
an Maior zz pr.7.
t = νχχτ Rabbinifle Iudaei 149 d.
A $ J abbinifle Iudaei 149 dcy $. ] (Rabbiniss 49.
c) 'yi z6.pr.37.
\ 92J q) dog at ^ tans 103.4.
tibin; p μηιρόμος, id est, j ".
e% w &, ajég% w fr.38.
Vin ujin Ros, Rus 587.c.
Laso * J ^ sertimum tempus.
7o2.b.
c £ y ;; (Re & ius 689.d.
Wr vi v to \ U.
 &.
Litera idem fonat quod.
hodiernis Græcis lite.
ra χ before £ »r, 1, v ,.
pickpockets, vendors fr.;.
Sinae, Timae.
μασλαχ9 fr · 35.
Sophi San & ius. Eleety.
523.c.
Tyrus fr.19.
xifuz.xxv £ 9 448. c.
xow% q% 448.c.
Sarepta. 5ed Iudæis ho.
diernis ineptepro Fran.
C.ia 656.b.
Elkupt, or Elkjpt. Ae.
gyptij Chrifliani 198.c.
7o5.c.d.
tenouê; 641.b.652.b.
ally tradente acccipere 33.
pr.31.
r iap doctrina quâsola traditio.
wicked
vap ^ vjpt ,.
1P.
r gipn.
r ~ & bip * p.
NaP N3P.
rhap.
* <jp ^.
t = yxyp.
&% Jj.
13nP.
vt in rnp Syr. Nnnp.
r-prin
a •,, i.
Cîî; fìUìc;:.
^ yNn.
I percipimus 33pr.34.
,, f * 4;.
άνλογητη, ίυλογητ) f (il.
otxtajn Io2.d.
J \ wdq ns Perficial language.
587. c. ku, kau. ibid.
agor, 637.c.d.ammus see.
you have 297.c.d. fr.49.
(Refiduum 155 d.
Cemfùs fr.25.
Kana 387.c.
Abiterfio, 572.4.
Textus ßiblicus 149.c.d.
Textuarij, Iudæi understanding.
matici 149.d.
Karrain Iudaei 149.d.
domum facrum 4o.pr.7.
Karthago 4th 19fr.
31.32.
Metropolitamus ad ver.
bum αρχτολίτης 684c.
ßet <ar 577.c.
fr.19.
 2.4o.ab.
 g <U.) Iudaei Syri in J £ gypto.
I49.4.
re5su λτανεῖa 123. d. 146. d.
65o.b.c.
nysu Schetzar 577.c.
az / £ 3aty zpötov> & τὸr ineb fius ^ nat ;.
J & ti & 2.6.pr.4.5.
riu nu & ye}; fr.38
17uj ■ TTAW T) eus fr.38.
Ty Schedrach 577.c.
riv Schadran 577.b.
 3, Memfes Zodiaci μῆνας? VQ ».
a / * CS236 ζασίων, id est, menfes.
caelestes 27.b.
: ^^! <5%. μύες ζωδίαν 272.b.
r yr, nisiun fr.49.
inu Nilus 37o.d.
¬nu aiie / s * ibid.
Jjel7. Schaichum quid 1οος.
june Schefhach 577.c.
s & n * t Emissârium 37o.b.
jy Schalmam 577.b.
Z zz, 4 nnpti • • * •.
r in nn.
648. b.
cS; j ~ l ~ Samaritæ 6614.
r pg ^ φυλgx) fr.55.
iv Sem 577.c.
boy J \ & vipooi; 655.a.b.
rypa ny άτα Χς ττ}%. & R & a.
μαλὸ 6434.
rtyvj myj án; z $ wey.äws ù7rsp.
 Husey, 6434.
rnnpn nyg êo; Older people; άτος £% aupe.
oyjov I. 6434.
= yty ny Annus dierum, id e $ t ,.
'"Annus Solaris 297 b, c.
22.I.C.
insn yvj πύλn ae% atix) 555c.
wtyn nypti $ ot; * At 568.6%.
C $ \ __ff fry3 pluuie devices.
nug Schar, y77.c.
; :,% ττολ% 271 d. ÜJ ^ ua, Cy * "; N ^.
C $ 9; * Illuflris, T) ux, no. 587.o.

ävdegau'n q? v $ uov uc *: KA £ :: Ortus no £ iis 7o2b.
u / c £; V. ^ * Ortus diei: matutimum.
tempus 7oz.b.
vu Schefh 577 d.
* «Nt Stha 587.b.
N £ c »2. Jm.
r '; in Teglath 377.b.
* * rin Taautes fr.27.
Don Thi; 587.b.
* yn Thiy 587.4.
** yn Thir; 587.4.
s> tan Thena 587.b.
** n ^ & npore, 655.6.
* \ n Thra 587.c.
$ tra sngg **) and. origgwrw ouvexi.
644.a.
35 / Regius 684 d.
nnn Titres 587.c.
F IN I S I N D ICV M.o P £ RA R VM T r P or G R A p H 1 cA R VM.
Corrected error
Prol.pa.ii linea i6.
pr 22 ,.
pr 35
I4I.
I6O.
I6O.
27th.
272.
353.
376.
'416.
'411.
44
455.
53
54th.
551.
557.
613.
638.
Ibid.
Ibid. '.
641.
642.
649.
5
7
I8.
2LO.
2.4.
I5.
23
I9.
2.4.
2.O.
39
35
35
23
2LO.
Ibid.
Ibid.
Ibid.
Ibid.
Ibid.
Ibid.
27
2.8.
29
29
3O.
leg attributed lv & c.
£ usey% a% iq aj.
Nam potiusChaldgis.
In addition, Medis ad.
iunéta est & c.
Addenda is what?
habentur pag353.
Ianuarij.
Cyclo.
»3j_4>.
Inferator Parapegma.
Calicutiéfium quod.
habetur pag 353.
Hic Laterculus estdu.
plex, vt & c.
Typogram Distinction
phica delleatur
Typogram Distinction
phica delleatur
pro 432.Èa..

Page 303

Distinétio typogra.
phica deleatur.
Aiyv7%.
for 516 repone 54o.
x% wäois.
r-gu.
smoke.
ti5 chip ;.
repn npn.
cjp.
rmppp.
1month.
r ^ rgp.
DriNpn nib}> rin pegf.
Scenopegiam.
Iohafin p.6.
wyias ;.
in cwn.
Patres eius & c.
Lignorum X Ab. Idé.
p. 28. 282; -w>.
■ y pnp pwxoi ship.
, somtm ptvy, fed tàfì.
puto falli quam quum.
scribit stante templo IX.
Ab non fuisse rwayn ,.
Institutio & c.
665 34 rmgpt ;.
684 6 Sozomenus.
784, o for NoMEN, reponey.
V E T E R.
Frag. 3 12. ßaaiXeia ,.
4 I2. and is $% && •.
4. 2lO x ¥ tigpe Ve.
7 & 9.
7 I6 tvpoi ,.
9 36% y %% Bi> y v_.
IO 12. Ad locum qui Carchà.
mis, & c.
12. 15 Laphpho% te & c.
I3 6 argint.
14 • 16 Cylexaris fuisse & c.
19 12. longæuæ ætatis rationê.
2. I 13 Borfippenam.
2.6 of 1 distinctive typographica.
deleatur.
Ibid. 33 ya fed cum attributú.
3o 13 r ya.
3I 34 ryy ^ yn,.
33 9 Compofitos esse 137. &&.
35 18 iyàxaj ;.
47 16 th.
54 37 * <xiv *,> 1.
Ibid. 38 p.
Ibid. yvi ^ vu.
55 I YY ^ IV.
55 i 1 riiityb.
Ibid. 15: * & gùm.
56 3 thiAw * & treguJtaj.
57 13 & 34 distinct types typö = ?.
graphicæ deleantur.
in the nomenclatore ad literam §.
Rabbi Salomo Do & tor Hebræus fr. 49. 3o.
In Index Rerum ad literam A..
4nnus ordinarius Iudaicus; O P E R I S.
ID E.
E M E N D A TION E.
T E M P O R V M.
Finis.
|.
".
º.
•.
|
~.
|.

·.
·.
,.

•.
|.
·.

\.


|.
×.
|.

|.
·.
·.
^.
\.
|.

·.
}.
a.
e.
y.
|.
·.

|.
*.
,.

·.
|.

·.

|.

|.

·.
·.
·.
|.
|.
~.
·.
|.


''.
.
|.

·.
....
+.
).


|.

....
|.
|.
|.


~.
~.
·.
·.
|.

·.
·.
·.
•.
•.
·.
|.

].
•.
:.

•.
·.
·.
·.

|.
•.

|.

|.

*.
|.


|.
•.
.
.
.
|.


.
·.
*.
|.

|.
|.
|.
,.
!.
\.
|.
|.
|.
|.

,.
!.
·.
V E T E R y M.
G R AE C O R V M.
Quibus loci aliquot obscurissimi Chronologi.
without & Bibliorum illustrantur, Y "3.
B THE ROUND IN THE BACKGROUND I S ,.
I NFORMATION, LETTERS,
HOW TO TAKE INTO ACCOUNT?
KOZAS is the first of these Navobolasas.
It is true that the half-life (Egyptian and Egyptian.
he says honestly Sir Philippe, you have the honor.
From Whom the Beast is born, and I am abomination.
I thought you'd be naughty when I was your age.
N / A 2 "and" 2 ".
But he did not know whether he had been sent to him.
So, X5 mixes Nawadowonos® in Chosat, and it's worth it.
1 right-handed, out of the box, and country price of six.
It was not until then that he had done so.
eh? If I was Babylonian, I went to him.
twenty-nine years, twenty-nine years old, feelings of honor and passion.
Lady Nawedonovers', kazetas zachos tym Egyptian I was jiggling and.
as well as the sharp captivity of the Ieadians and the Phoenicians and the Syrians,
what? What about Egyptian nations who are stigmatized or friends? or dialect, or.
of other goodness, you remember Babylonid, he drank a little.
for Babylon, or for Babylon, he did not do it.
Chaldean Bread Bread, Preserved Kingdom Kingdom Under 2 Improvement.
t), wholly or patchy, the captive birds.
yokomir®, it has been the cause of colonialism (except for the Babylonians).
who can prove, this one or three wailing spoils, then he was gone.
sacred, and other jewels were honored, they had suffered from a city.
and the other outdoors enjoyed it. * I forced the man to go.
out of the polka, the polish of the city on the market.
whether you like myrrh or a town in the city, and those outside, acid ,.
but it is of a certain kindness and certainty, and it is not as good as it is, and it is worth noting.
because of the city and the pillar of the jewel of the cosmos, which is why it has come to pass.
my father's kingdom other kingdoms of those who came to be angry.
If you are a very long, maybe you are, if you explain), all the time.
a long and long-lasting one was called a fifteen day, if.
(to the kingdom of the earth;
Look for Spots of Olive Oil, Olive Oil, Olive Oil.
you have been kissed, you have been hanging around, for a price.
This substance may also be required to be disposed of as a tartaric acid. Non.
one, only, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
life-threatening transvaginal years. "not reigning.
the fish of the Euphimaradeh '. to wear the gossamer pads.
a 2. but 4.
but as a matter of urgency, endeavors to a brotherhood having Nirmalis.
Soooxg was left, two years ago, but I did not marry, I betrayed.
This is the first time that you have confirmed that you have spent four years.
scree. Ouzu or Lavor loft "has void myrr or kingdom.
month, being imposed for the most prominent malignant, subsistence.
everyone was defeated.

Page 304


the common kingdom of the kingdom was sacrificed to be moved by Babylon, whatever.
whether or not it was on the roof of the wall of the Babylonians.
that is why it is true and true, and the kingdom has been cleansed.
since the first and the last few years have been the Cossacks since the Persian Gym.
with a lot, I've been losing a lot of Asian pass, he's been praying.
of Babylonia, and of Nabonneph, seven days after thou didst abide.
μ; or you have the chance to battle it, or you are going to battle d.
was dropped into a polarizing city. Surely he was Babylon.
muscle and hedgehogs or outdoors or city walls, for so long.
the puzzmatic and the disgusting. It seems like a city, it has been churned on Vorsipan.
I'm defeating Nabonnidon and Nabondee has an insignificant honor.
but inject it into the next, kisses Cyrus philanthropist ,.
that, behold, look upon the house of Karmoyiah, he is delivered, or Babylon. To.
bastard myr ouy so they would have been screaming if that country, and so on.
she has endured life. .
AB Y N N O N E S T A N S T O R S T O R S T A R S.
Most of the time, the Nabakodorwyn Hercules was the most important event.
on Libya and Libya, on the other hand, on the island, on the island.
(In the right and in the case of the 5th word), the Chaldeans,
on the kingdom, I think it is the case. Fethamxamus did not say so.
I Navacokovvros, Babylonians, Tm, have been with you.
fogim ", you are bold, you blasphemy, or you are king Villius.
tell me you want it! Persian Immons, Impossible,
maachisi, blessed with devotion. and publicly after Midhess of Auschwon.
vehicle, as an alternative, or it is an acid of politics, javelin, or seas.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
the words, the blessings, the bastards, and the lawless ones, and.
hens of the beast), and of course, and glory, and gobbles.
lawless valency, unfaithfulness, unquenchableness, uncleanness, unrighteousness.
heap. and the enthusiasm is frozen.
Nimoglisaxi lapepa dida, Lavasoaaraskon tou Smofanones.
I live, I pray thee, O king of the wilderness.
Kogo of Babylon of Karmai hegemonim doxa5). .
A "HE: S.
EMBARGOED IN THE FIELD OF ISOLATION ,.
Except for the Jews, I live a lot of fortifications and the coma.
and a city fortress is indeed a place of pilgrimage, not a homeland.
men of twelve of them, call the ear Jerusalem, the son of God.
as well as a city of great importance, such as Pearlpler®.
and he has been made with double gates, if the altar,
part, but from stone stones collectors. four days a week.
twenty cubits, and ten cubits, and beside it there is a great house;
and a lamp, both gold, two tall ones on all that light.
and the nights and the days, the statue of Gok sucks.
(6 squares, a lingering plant, a perennial plant, or a cross-breed).
even if the night falls and the day of sunrise is over.
they have mercy on them, and they know thee. .
M E N E N E N E N E N E N E N E N E N E N E N E N E N O N E N E N O N E N O N E N O N E N O N E N O N E N O N O N E N O N E N O N E N O N E N O N E N O N E N O N E N O N O N E N O N E N O N E N O N O N E N O
Cf I'm begging.
You end up in Abibal and I hold the kingdom, and I do not know. "
I have been living for many years and I have been living with him.
And as the king stood on the one side, and the temple was poured out.
of all the tribes he has cut off three words of Lebanon, and of wood in them.
sacred taekwondo, we have the other holy temples to build the, and the Hagi.
Mr. Assassin's asshole has fallen short of the 3-episode.
I am a priest, and Asamus, so I have stayed there.
in, do not stutter acidic flashes, and be self-sacrificing again overturned. on it.
zumim '' Abdimen ', you are younger, and you have not waited for it.
I saluted the king of the king of the kingdom, and we served as a prophet.
Silesian Valesar, the son of the past few years, who has been living in the city, has welcomed.
years ago, he was living at the age of twenty years old.
years old. Unsuccessful five-year-long survival losses.
the most astonishing years in the past two decades Asar's deaths.
your years of persuasion have taken twelve years, my brother brothers.
Asymmetric years ago and pennion years have been a year of loss.
The brother and son of Felios, the king of glory, have elapsed eight months, live.
your years of honesty have never been enjoyed by the Holy One, O King.
your two years spent two years in office, eight days, or more.
He has been living for a long time since he spent six years, a succession of years.
the virus is mature, the last two years, two years, and one year. (e.
He was the successor of the Phygmals, who lived in the years of his life in the years to come.
if I did, on the seventh day, my sister daughter, Dido Fy.
Libya of the city of Libya built Carthage,.
3 F ININFINANCIAL A NNATIONS.


Page 305


On the Holy Ghost and King, he reigned over Nabogodonovg thy Tyronem.
ten and ten. Messiah reigned Baal ten years. Mesa (in this case).
were burned and made by the ear, Ekkiwal Baslah, month two, Helve.
A week of the month of the month, Avary's jesus month, Myrtle's Day.
and Abedimus, for many years, between the valleys,
the one, whichever is the end of the year.
and they have spent years with the help of the people, they have gone down.
the brother of Elizabeth, who reigned for twenty years on Cynthia.
in your home country.
I N OWSHOPSHOWSHOWSHOPS.
The universe is conceived for five and a half months.
* Yes, I am seated Myr gh * say or Navgodonosoga kingdom I have come to the city.
Tyrone Tyron. four years ago: "The Cichlids of the Persians" (6 Czar.
received.
\.
BEYOND RIVER WIN SINCE CHRISTIAN LOOKING.
He tells Igdas that he is true and he is a god and a name.
that was what I agreed with the Beginning, I was about to spoil myself.
and Jeroboam the king of Beirut;
all the same, and those of him who have been truthfully conceded.
For the sons of Judah, or the Trojans, and the daughters of Zion Moses.
they come near as the Phoenician kings martyrs successors: Sphinians.
but the Phoenicians have a good idea of ​​what they are.
a pair of pamphlets in turn to a label and a coat of letters.
In the course of Semirimeus, he made the Assyrian King. the sun, the sun, the sun.
and those with a high degree of fluorescence.
English language version and Friends of the Bible.
B THE FIRST WAY OF THE FIRST CHALK I K O N.
They are also boats in the Lake of the Ozga, or "The Cornies and the sea.
what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what is it?
Overshoot of the coat of arms. .
NICOSIS, O. DIMITRIOS,
In the sixteenth bible. .
Blessed is the Minhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha.jpg
many conglomerates in 3 cascades have been packaged, and 7.
on the surface, on the edge of the land, on the relics or on the wood.
superficially.
2.
for a long time they turn around if they do, and Moses mellowed him.
the legislature,.
AB Y N N O N I I S A S I I I I I I I
Still other things, Sestis®, the Cronus jokes.
there will be a crowd of thirteen for ten, and all that is written.
of the Elysian cities of the Shipsarip Hekrysham Seiyiro Ozaga.
For the workmen that came down to Omirai, I redeemed mine;
I was screaming from God. The third day you go down, drank, or bewildered, he says.
he was blessed, and he was blessed with water, and he was blasphemed.
thou shalt be great, thou shalt be ashamed "), saith Sethithron.
and I did, and as I did, I did.
clay and simple acid beasts) mines of people demise. And the shipowner.
Arms of small-scale woodworking parquet.
CYPRUS C, in spite of what you say is the land of the earth.
In the case of large-scale companies, the causation of the casinos is, of course.
or other materials, such as sunscreens, fibers or boulders.
Mr. The Godfathers, Thou Hast Thrown Thy Ever Thrust. and in particular.
ruins say? Babylon, a former god, united by a divine armchair.
and it is not a matter of course, nor is it a matter of war;
the tower degraded, the blessedness of Babylon is called by the confusion and the truth. "
the Jews for the confusion of Babylon.
THE RHODES OF THE WAY OF DEMONSTRATION.
And Syroisei the Poor Mademoisel was defeated. I'm sorry.
Battle of the Shadows of the Syrians, you have been great in the world.
it happened to be screaming, "said Apolloi, you waited.
of the Milesians. I did not say that I was a soldier, of course.
child Smiley honda honi Charmim, '.
M E N E N E N E N E N E N E N E N E N E N E N E N E N E N O N E N O N E N O N E N O N E N O N E N O N E N O N E N O N E N O N O N O N O N O N O N O N O N O N O N O N O N O N O N O O N O N O N O N O N O N O N
the Tiger beg.
And the name Elena was for the last six years, and he gave his own Kits.
who have been born in the past. (thou hast fallen in Salma.
the king of the king of Assyria came to the end of the battle,
and he left, and went back, and departed from Sidon's and Ax.
and the Paleythir, and many other cities, and the eagles of the self, ba.
and they delivered it out of the way of the king, and of the king over them.
he said, he did, he said, that he was responsible for this, and that he had the pleasure of doing so.
four or more riders.
captured captive women in pencils, kidnapped people.
for the price of Jezebel, for the king of the Assyrians did 4 ".
"λ 4. 3.8.
on the road, or on the aqueducts, I have to break through.
I have been writing, I have been living with pussies of the Phoenix. "
N IK O ND O N T O N O N O N O N O N O N O N O N O O N O N O N O N O N O N O N O N O N O N O N O N O N O N O N O N O N O N O N O N O N O N O N O N O N O N O N O N O N O N O N O N O N O N O N
On the fourth of the isomes.


Page 306


and Damascus and other Syria, out of Phoenix, rescued.
Joyegee war Lord David with King of Judaea and many ma.
you are judged to be the Euphrasian, whether or not you are, as long as you are.
they are kings of the kingdom, and they are finished, the Hoggins.
I have made a great deal, and have made an ox and a father, because of the acceptance of the babe.
jumpers, waves F Thread to be Egyptian. But you have no more sleep.
such as, for example, needles and precursors, or implants.
Judas watched Tbilyu Sam 'gatlin kalemirim.
DAY OF ANY ARCHEOLOGY OF A JUNE.
Until now, this is the Goddess of Asaphilos, who, with him,
it is ruined by the unbelievers and by building builders, who have been imbued with honesty.
Damask cities are stoned to the east by the sea.
silesians, dignity) of those who have suffered, shock, that news,
shocks have been spent in thousands of years. .
THE WAITING OF THE WAY.
He also commemorates the Babylonian king Vallada Beer.
E N T O N T O R O N O N T O R T O R O R O R O R O R O R O R O R S O R O
You have to leave the same number of cranberry trees.
The first sex of the Sexborne sex.
Chaldeans, in the case of a complicity. or.
KEY I.
Ashim has this means, not perfect ".
As a Sgheian word, as a hysterics he commanded.
By the liberty of gestures and by-laws.
ININ FRAG M E N T v M.
BE R O S I B A B YL II II.
S A C E R D O T I S B E L I,.
E X L I B R O I II R E R V M.
C H A L D A I C.A R V M.
9.
AE veterum fcriptorum reliquia, tamquam ex naufragio ta.
bellae in vnum libellum and mobis conjectæ fúnt, ne iterum mau.
fragium facerent: quod quidem hactenus illis contigit, dum apud.
1o / phum & Eufèbium dfie & e & neglecfa nemini fidem vtilitatis fùa.
faciebant, prae / ŕrtim iis, qui in tractatione historiæ Biblica omne ex.
ternorum fcriptorum auxilium mgligunt. / 7orum / inistra iudicia / atis.
confutantur istarum reliquiarum fide, to establish the potest ei, qui tam.
'' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '
fùnt. Tantum abest, vt eas historiæ fácra inutiles dixerit, vt fine.
All times are long. Epocham temporis in fàcra Chronologia apprehen.
; iipoße iudicaturus / it.
*) 2? $. £% H p OSSO>] Tatianus: Bjos * ajj; Briefing.
******. * _ * §% Zz pet; p? B {xg x3 'Al% a / Jpoy% Artichatches' groups.
[...] 7% j? 43> ixovxoy arsta of Xax ^ ajor fove / a, arioi ß / £ Aiois.
$ ($ $ .J.Hatipeas "& c. Baxanaxy fnOn Xaxj ajg. VOCat A.
%] thenæus libro x 1 1 1 1. Elogium Berofi paucis verbis.
| vide Pundium libro in Ir..
n NaGotw »dowess] 'Ptolemæo dicitur Na € oooo» da *.
| e9s. qui, eodem test, ex obseruationbus Chaldæo.
5 * 9 rum eclipticis, captain impero anno Nabonassari i 2, 3 :.
vt de eius tempore error nullus interuenire possit. ApudIofephum libro priore.
in Appionem Na nahradzovani legitur: in x car libro Originum.
Iudaicarum Na %%%%% aveo; incessantly. & tamen adeo vetustus est error, vt e.
tiam agnoscatur and russino. Sit down on Eufebium Na Goto »dazeyc. That's it.
"Quote Berofus nobis indicated as Nabuchodonofori, initium autem eius.
imperial Ptolemæus. Nulla ergo latebra errori fuper tempore diruti templi a.
Nabuchodonoforo. qua in Chronologi excufari non possunt, préfertim.
ij, qui scriptores vernaculos rerum patriarum verum aliquando dicere po.
tuisse dissidunt. Ex hoc barbaro contéptu nati funt illi portentofi ajayeoyiauoi.
in illorum Chronicis. Nomen huius Regis ita conceptum fuit nyysiaina.
for% iaiay. Nam Chaldæi Nun cum Lamed commutant: vt Naboni.
shower, Labonitus. Sed de his vide, que in fexto libro difputamus. Itaque dif.
the nomination of Nabopollassari, & filijeius Nabuchodonofori, funt duo mo.
nofyllaba Pul, in Nabopollassaro, & Cad in Nabuchodonoforo. Quamobrem.
Nabonassar be in Medium be the recipient Pul, eryth nomen patris Nabuchodono *.
fora, be Cadou inferior, Nabuchodonofor filius. Nain Nabonassar ,.
& Nabolassar idem est. .
d tua1o I N F R A G M E N T A.
O t '(& yu} g Saregtms] An vllum Satrapen Nabopollaflar pater Nabu ;.
chodonofori Syriæ & Ægypto præfecerit, id vero neque negare, neque præ.
stare possumus. Satis found, Nechao king Ægypti tributum Iudææ indi.
xisse, interfe & to Iofia king. II Reg. xxiii, 33, cuius si meminit different Hero *.
dotus lib 1 1 1. ®> wegici zzóô Nea; % aXò C, May% la cyíxnor. Sedum loc.
Mageddo vocat script, non Magdolum, Syros intelligent car Iudgos, fine.
dubio, qui ita vocabantur etiam a vicinis Phoenicibus. Nam Philo Byblienfis.
ait eos $ u $ j vocatos, idque significare Iudæos. Atqui plus significat. Hoc e.
nomine ovegig% aì intelliguntur. not in, Ens. Magdali car loci.
1, 1, 1, 1. How do we Nechao ingenti exercitii fi.
Babylonig inuaderet, tunc Nabuchodonoforum mifTum and patre, vtex Be.
rofo discimus, as Nechao prælium commifisse, fufoquc Nechaoadlocum.
qui Carchamis dicitur, in the continents ad partes Palæstinæ vi & torem fe contu.


Page 307


Blog rights. ICret. XLV 1, 2, 1, 1 Chron. Isa 1, 6. This has happened in the year.
Nabopollaflari XT 1 1 1, Thoth Nabonassari 14 from whence it stands first year.
mouse Nabuchodonofori by the Syrian military. Jeremiah xxv 1. Daniel 1: 1.
Hæcomnianórepugnant Jerof history, fimodica interpretation of physic.
Συς azς τω'τά% NA% 9% yoaipa] The two principal fetch an enterprise ,.
Neco army Aegyptij making an inroad into the end of Babylon and out.
J & tion of Tire, under King Ithobal that from cenfualibus Phoenecians market.
Συμμίζας δ Na®% y6areos ttJ "> ανςτέτη] and the means of attack.
Nabuchodonoforo with King Neco committed to Carchamis productive.
Euphrates. Satrapen it calls Egypt: Egyptian King impofi.
$ e, frankincense and Nabopollaßaro, from which later failed. But on this subject by Herodotus of the end.
advises, hil, that all priests Aegyptij idnon indicarint. .
ττὸ τίω άτὰ βασιλείω] Viuo father Nabopollaßaro countries Na.
buchodonoforo attributes to man, to wit, that the Son was sent by the Father for the king of Syria.
declared by him, and in focietatemregniassumptus. Hincnon only the Jews, Fed.
& Jerof assign his or forty years ago 1 1 1. When he was thirty.
to families alone, thirteen and his father and the rest of the reign of. But the Babylon of that year.
hold the existence of from the death of his father, he is not from his expedition to Syria. 1, Daniel 1: 1, and Io.
poorly drawn off from the deduction. .
Ytu t'a)) t £ Jao 'Georg. Syncell.
ß £ freed αοιλάχλτι άoci $ ,. I & J Re and will not, as in x Origins of Jews.
Rum, άσοι ἐ. and this error is not only acknowledged by the Russin Auetore futilissi.
Mo, but also by Eufebio. However, a pro trespasses easy to create. But if and Yaa.
would not have been written, yet, out of ezekiel be paid not obscurity how it could have been. Said.
I offered to meet Vifione tricefimo year. one year tricefimus into.
can not be attained unless the king of Babylon. So when the ruling Nabuchodonofo.
m. And in like manner the child's father, not as a stranger. , We already know all of this to be a fragment of the na.
boPollassarum. Matt was a year to its Nabuchodonofori or due to Jehoiakim.
bonds guess. Nabuchodonofori is the thirteenth year of the tricefimus.
Nabopollafîàri, that is, 152 Nabonassari, and from it to Ptolemee. And therefore, when atti.
geritin Tricefimo the empire of the year, it is not needed at least eiga á, but eigo crea legen.
While that diferte written and sold in the previous book. IN accordance with the ezekiel no one.
/ PegotioN £ o t. i i.
matter, the following could be no blemish to be removed. He says that Nabopolaßarum years.
twenty nine shillings command; & Confequenter anho tricefimo command.
to have died, which in the time of Ezekiel, vifie ostenfor, from the General Tire & a little while after.
chodonoforo capturing the thirteenth year after being attacked grow dark. "
is waging war with the king of the Tyrians, Ithobal with the Chaldeans. So what fate.
on behalf of the grandeur of the fragment vtilitates can recommend? How stream.
nue this Chronologorum refuting errors! Or a wild beast with the Tscriptura.
eggs! • *.
A'iah %% £ J 8 net 'tολ%) τω ά τάττάς τελάτω] received now on.
Nabopollassari death of his father, when they were in Him, so that expugnaretTyrum, & RegemTyä.
riorumIthobalum, quiinChaldæos renewed hostilities, they were compelled to surrender, or.
no Nabonassari 152. at the end of the course, after a few menfibus of Ezekiel by force.
fionen. .
Ka oi% r. 3 'TT.) From £ vfior aegyuar. ] NechaoRege defeat on the mainland.
a city with the siege of Tire, the bestower girded them with, or the difficulty I at length, in the thirteenth year of the spring.
held captured Au & buyers Cenfualibus Phoenician king Jehoiakim in.
bonds; 1, 1 Chron. Isa 1, 6. Egypt inuafit, Jeremiah 1 x 50 V, 13.
of this expedition, he that had been the one that emerges from the two causes of the chief spoils. But the odes.
tùs into the cesspool of none of these things makes mention of. .
Ka) Tot; and the ajyuzx; I & F & Major $ oiyfway, J Phoenicum of prisoners and the reality.
This happens in Nabonaflari 15. Of the Jews is not so this year.
148 previously carried out would grab Coni'ah. But what distinguished seasons.
they were, Himself, into one of the auerfione the time of vapor. .
 Ka} +% * »A $ 3 ta} vfoy] The booty prisoners were driven out of Egypt ,.
as is noted perfpicue classified prediction of 1 x 50 V, 26, who are ignorant of Herodotus.
And sware, Aegyptij to him, the priests, because, as I inquired of the things that I have, in the Egyptian.
refpondebant that were put therein, to the praise of the people were doing, to that extent, they teach us of the heavenly.
TERA toward cowardice; feruitutem and taxes, which Chaldeass pen.
Nevertheless silent. But from our Jerof and Jeremy agreed, those kings.
The Egyptians ruled precariously, and the Babylonians and Tigale've been. However things.
Jeremiah declares that wild boars happen Div. x 50 1 1 1 1, 3o, it completely fidglitcr nar.
Herodotus, rat, and clearly inspired by the words when they reside. .
T) ** because their] administered by the war and prefer it conducts, in which artisans :.
Aοικερενα ύπ3 xaX ^ ajov.] People do not understand it, but wisely, and Phi.
lofophos to. 1, Daniel 1, 1.E and other ipy's, other Bopotarta, Sec.
gods and conducts warned Strabo, a place clearly. Other limits would άρχοι. Sec.
Boport7zìoi. for example Naζαρωoi »Naζαραῖοι. άρχαῖοι then, fine ôpyyoi d in Tns ;.
assuredly. Genef. x, 1o. However, it was Chaldeass TNN, from where it's> N. EPX <joi ,.


Page 308

 Nay àpxôn, Noa.
; £ n, said Ptolemy. • '• •: •.
Ύπό%% g * J *. ] This clearly shows the Chaldeans Philofophis hours.
the nation's diet. & Organizations whose concern it as much as they could, however, by the grace of kings.
And the people, have Ifaiam x 50 V 1 1, 11, 13, 15. Also, the story of Alexander do.
WET their directions Alexander much success. Thus, when it is said of Hur, Chal.
The first day, you understand, not a country, but eofdem philosophy and facerdotes.
Eufebius gxEupolemo priscoscriptore: ¥ r; Σύμεάε, τίλφά BaGvAoyia; Kaggi.
 ** § Eay. 2 1 N F L A G E N T A * 1000.
.
% of N and inhibits; Aba, T} λι Ov & ta, 35; Ä ¢ pu4v & owátæ XaAJajoy τΒλιγ. Manife.
I stand Vrien said she had received calls Mofes Ur of the Chaldeans, and both were gods.
Camarini, and that it Chaldæorun city. The Chaldeass consider sacred.
"Qualities or a philosophy that said * ^ p Camara. And he wants.
And again, Eupolemus Abraham: O $ ^ & po sya Σ τω and τω Xaa ^ ajxt.).
4 paper. Mathefin calls XaxAajxto) the others. And in Sibyllinis, t $ $ x x x W ?; X%.
λιο. Read undoubtedly, and a, ajip πόλεως aótix% w 8p Xaa ^ ajor. The Abraham.
Understand. .
Kv3 £ av 33 32oxx * PG] we / oXoyla. Having gained a solid command of sires. Is.
diuifis of tea with his father, he is not only candidate for it. .
Σωζαζε, AJGE> & toixla;] and the field of Jewish and has assigned you.
practiced prediction IX »5.
E tri? TtnJ {or} gis] river to Cobar, according to Ezekiel. It is there that of the assignee.
deportatis the field. . . .
But those from harmful xg & J, a, 6, i. B XT iae}}] For the stuff Temple.
Of Coniah was brought over, they are carried to Babylon. m Citron. xxx, 1O and into the temple of Bel.
placed, they are, as before, try to Jehoiakim. Ibid. 7. Daniel 1, 2.
B & iae% to {x}] This Nabuchodonoforo of a grand temple of Bel.
Syrian paid triumph decorated and twenty years after the -among the soil as.
adequate advice of Babylon, Alexander restored. Au & for, among others ,.
Arian: the Jews and drove him to the that the work done in vain, nor artistic principles with stripes ,.
to compel or threats of him, he could. Iofephus Hecataeus, qnoi $ 5 (Hecataeus).
AλέαjJ? "Τοτά & BaGvxów% νομά8,: & aegeAsués% τά Brixv xvfiaxj; } ajat go ,.
x £ PA, e πάσιν ούτ? Gi. WALKER âuofas φέρω * * χὰ accounting arises. μτες & T's.
IsJajss 8 aegaaj and AXC and τολλας ύπομόa, τλψας δ ζήulas> & ττίστι μεγαλας ,.
άας ζ, ουχὰ βασιλάa J + \ $ a, $ άλ {α. Does, however, understands that the Jews, whom the.
Nabuchodonofor and brought to Babylon deportauit, or the man who served in his army.
the host did make heretofore, on the other hand should be included. For we know that out of Hecataeus, the Jews.
under Alexander and his fuccessoribus arms. and that under Xerxes fiquidem.
Iofephus also believe, and who it attempts to prove it by Choerilo. However, in backwards.
Choerili I see no point, that tear us out from leétore, that they carry them to believe that the Jews, out of the.
'Which speaks Choefilus Besides those words • yxóay μὰ φοίνιοτω> & T].
souatw stone. For> 3xvu. There were other times άn Choerili hulla ,.
a certain woman of Lycia in addition to the hill country, of which mention is made of the Iliad vii. More recently.
Indeed renowned Jewish termed them quodHierosolyma compofito name.
people expected and the nation Solymi, Martialisad Jew, Solymis it.
Mature in yourselves, and the same thing about Jews, but that comes from Solyma peruiiis. But the old one.
stiora, as we have said, does not seem to be in another place other than the one derived from the Solymites died in Lycia and to the Lamb.
involved. Choerilus again calls this nation §gx eg% ς. Meanwhile, in the distribution and c.
forbidden from $ £ & xaxóg congenial, Leuitici x 1 x 27. Why we can not deny that.
"Versus those of Jewish Choerili not mean that merit should be included.
IIegaaeotiv & VG & aiaygaw * <] In the fourteenth OriginumIudaicarum read out.
£ EZ T> enativ & og, e aiayx & ovg. In both places corrupt place, nor is nothing here.
will prosper Russin: save that she has for the χρησύμενg, aeraiueig from himself are to be read.
appears. Sufpicor aiaygatzs for the ajaxayiaz, to dispose it. The oldest men.
while he, that thou perform all other things, which are among the Iofephus. Sufpicioni are suitable Russiaus ,.
$ Ho repair itself. But previous book that turns on and sold it.
RWE *% αN o t ae I3.
 Teoaaea, 3; G) aesςκα? X.prazua G. Georg.Syncell.
Itae% Axet Tre AU aaO $ T $ xeos) and other works of Abydos and this matter further.
cenfeo 100 +% Agaveraxâ. Repeat: NA% g% Yoav; 343% αμειοςτωa £ x Ba% vxo del ,.
He rules out a $ 100 * τεεπλά σεζέλω, 7rwtegi * $ uarae, τΗτε Apuzx% £% from xtaτύαμὰ.
5ρ ά%. xâ ac c o ** EVP, τότε AxeAguoy. ^ '>? J. § ΣΙττapnyá, zAiog xaxxo / όρυζα.
Voga $ £% u <3; μâ, and Z ^ ^ JCUegxo /? z $ zzzyf "y £% of T <je όγύeo, eigor, τέλος & IGRA (4 ;.
ojojsyve; αλλεσg; TI tego. Kaxásci J? z / (?; άγάμονας. άπετεὐασε 3? Σ τάς Epv £ p% ;.
$ Wxag ays J; & Ixxvoi and the Caw% ** * »■ and rat X3 'τες Aeg £ av άσθολας% **% ßaaiX a.ßä.
JEgium Kaxrav, xpoua * $ a $ vj elvt, $ aQ football. Hæcad the nearly interpret.
Berofana. In his Apuax x * <** u), said that Armalcar Pliny, but both places.
ma! e for the Neharmalca. Neharmalca not Cobar Ezekiel. However Cobar today.
we say things of Heaven: eiufque the head of the to the ciuitate Meredin, the water of which, although.
red, and I could mention in this optima.Præterea $> / ** "? toa 'T5» to know> T £ qaez.
In this Mefopotamia laid out Ptolemæo.Sed are in Iraq ,.
From}; $ <*> \ y68) from **; * 3 z XJ6. " Georg.
K) * ** • daoz35 "•" J "/") Danieline 17.

Page 309


totam.Iofephus and refrain from Jerof a) and overnight) • I * above the $ $ $ $ se »ueis £ aciatis ;.
Σ to "a. aees% v ». </ ACA +7 * * Xax $ ajów and íuévoç) TOÎÇ Eλή μοῖς Av5 / 2go £ ATY.
And, uaty side of the zoo; ότά ΣεμεguJg $ Agaveiag xtt & ja ba% vxaja a 723wμácia.
xgrua. & & A? a. .
And 22, 2aa) ka) measures, Daniel dicto instead of 4, 17 ,.
τ "? " 'Aoite)' from? 3: 23, Georg.
MaxC *) axles. Georg. .
Ayax% w x and z% iya) Curtius All this translates Superarcem news.
cræcorumfìbilis a miracle, penfiles hortifùnt, fummam height of the walls ,.
multariimque arboritm shadows and tall fail. Saxe cap, and the entire burden f / line ,.
inflru (iefiut. lipide the ball over the square solum furnished essipatiens terr.e as high herein.
citizens and the liquid is inflexible and hence the amount of validusfjlinent trees, vtfiipites of them.
cubitorumssatium thickness of their trunks, in the Lpedum height of the pre-eminent, & frugifer.e just as before.
comes to pass, acfi terrafuaalerentur. When vetuflas not operasolum manufáéía, but also has ipfas.
t1!} ^ 4 ??? little exedendoperimat, this amount of so many trees radicibuspremitur, as well.
mcmorispondere loaded j}, iiuiolata durat.Quippe latiparietes fissinent xx x 1 between the toes.
dissiantes, trenches, vtprocul vjèntibus'filue montibusfùis seem to Syria King.
ßabylonie regiantem work gsse ground, memorieproditum EFL, love for his wife and then force ,.
qike defiderio j er110) ^ 1!: /? filuarumque im plains on her husband to the genius of nature.
pleasantness of work of this kind. This one. King of the Assyrians and the Assyrian.
Babylon said that Chron.xxxIII and 11, 2. & Ifaiam 14, 5. VideStrabonem initially.
lib.xv 1. But the gardens and penfilibus same Strabo σὺ δ κραμαῦςχχτg 32, C ,.
*** Perez 2% αηιατ 'άασω π ^ & E2) τεττερων * # ^ £ «y. ozzôz) 5 <! zλι? auaa κα.
Y O (J; ότι αετίύ ί} pvuáoi xv%% dx * {O, R £ 'GAX,. ci 5% xxxvi I xojXo; πλ £ p {:.
5%, and ;. 33a. $ Z </ @ A £ ​​POY JJ / μεγέω ê £ άπές τλβ% S give But "{ατεσχάυ.
Auoi 2 and 2 ^ i ai Jaxûç, E (? Σέατ. See the rest at that.
Curtianum are so different, in fact, diuerfa at all. *****)% w {^ ac ground.
to be Taxilles, whom he calls Vitruuius, who fupponebantur, the pyramids, camel, and a mighty.
blocked by dams, to secure a infisterent. Fubstrati Eiufmodi SHE GAN, a vast force of brass, out of the.
rant, dagger, which he lost by Xystus, Pont.Max.annis fuperioribusnirabili effort.
b opertim1 4 1 N F L A G E N T 1000 A.
deeds, and in another place, and brought. However, if the dice fuppofito qicimus • COnC3.
nìeratis of persons to fustinendis, so that he seems to want Strabo; why does he tell them, full of the Holy.
Acknowledge the earth and the trees were? Obscurissimus is the place to me, indeed, it is not.
Perhaps experts. Like Ester place in volume do not understand the First :.
*% W% of, yevGi and a £ yvegiœ. In fact, an operation which is to him, xóóo fuppofiti most desirable to I do not see :.
A far different Hebraifmus. We agreed too fated, qo and sway.
an interpreter Vitruuij have not understood it, SHE GAN's with him what they were writing.
thing. The gardens are similar penfilibus Curtius writes Diodorus.
A. t. tJ yuìg. 2vy) Nitocris this is called Herodotus great mind.
a woman who appears to have held the rudder and the Kingdom administered husband.
dementate, & one of the beasts was now living: and not only to the uttermost parts in the time of a man ,.
but also the rule of Euilmerodach son and Balfafaro nephew. Neither of Du.
immediately, and one that in that ipfa's work, since mention is made of Daniel, v, 10. that it is from a comma fequens.
Ti more clearly. When the Jerof say it was brought up in.
Half the country, we mean not only nourished, but also the child of a.
Alyattei daughter had, if any local hands. This is none but He who is regularly quoted.
to be able to give Nabuchodonofori Foce? For yourfcif Nabuchodonoforus A.
lyatten with Cyaxare reconciliation in the ongoing Clympiadis quadragefimam.
LO STATO, periods, however, Iulianae 4131, 6oi from the Ilijexcidio, 6o4 does not, as he wishes to Sa.
,, who was on his expedition to Syria, from the VICEF fept Nabuchodonofori.
CA fifteenth excess Nabopollassari, on October, when they.
And the fervency of your day in no time and practice, according to Herodotus. Sane on assinitatem ,.
which Nabuchodonoforo with the Cyaxare to the Mede and protested, it would seem Nabucho.
donofor focerum, when they have heard reconciliafle, it is not creation, except so clear a case cauf.
pa intercessiflet.
tA; ápaiag %% ατως) Rc, and you can not read τῆς oixaia ;, as the fourteenth Origins.
Iudaicum.
MA% ti A:% of% #% copper πάςts} t) worke then left. Scdab.
paid his wife, came Nitocris. That is why this operation requires a Nitocridi a laurel.
he gave rise to Herodotus tells us, that is, whatever is free, but not the Nabuchodonoforo ,.
He has begun. See Herodotus, the first book. In fact, very much tend to it, &.
Furthermore things he should not be neglected. She was Semira is not smaller than Heroina.
MIDC, so that it can learn from the father of history Herodotus, so it can be said to be.
miramide Babylon was begun by Nitocride absolute.
Bεθαοιλάxa; άτη τεοπeyxo / (. tia) for nearly thirteen years with his father years.
Syrian campaign, and the remaining thirty one only of. No.
Nabonassari rise in the year 183, tricefimo fexto a grab Coni'ah, or the same.


Page 310


In the prison eduétum properties friends had at the beginning of the year tricefimo feptimo.
ipfius of Jeconiah, the prisoner, who was from the 184 at the beginning of Thoth Nabonassari. What.
all in a wonderful, met with the temple profane the inscription, as a safe against the residue of the faith of Be.
rofo objects. Why should it not be considered when ex fe there is nothing, but from the arms of the.
the Babylonians, thrives in all things deprompferit ?.
Nwery ^ iaaioess â € αοίλ & οῦ ἐτη tiaveg.) The beginning of the year Nabonassàri i85.
But in those kings entirely skill Iofephus lib. x. Origin to the Jews.
dear to me, so much in the years of the Empire, and fingulorum, rather than in the class of those deduccndo.
As ogyasajN% o t ae. 1 5.
 .
Aaßoeoards, <&, j nepoti Nabuchodonofori by his daughter, King profàpiæ grade.
He is the nephew Nabuchodonofori Nabopoliafari.Et Balfafar Daniel (Daniel. Vii.).
King profapiæ NabopollafTari grade. Therefore Laborofoarchodos is Balfafar.
For it is said of him one can deny, except on which the Sun does not shine in the south, the cuiufmodi.
This tartar many fertile. This name is inuerfum nominisNabucho.
donofori through metathefin fyllabæChad nyy75i> y Na3833e% 3eos> are ',.
Aaßceyazyg% e. Because her work on behalf of Nebo, said they did. Nyeg x% Ares; Now it.
*** Iny. The first part is the name of the idol. 11 1 1 Kings XV, 3o. Posterior.
is the same as the NSA, through the exchange of Nun, with the Lamed, as he so often did I advise.
1) nl1S 5 and which are in Nabopollassar. n ¥ %% Biaya and the Nabolassàr ,.
which is the same as the NABONASSAR. /.
'^% 1000 AG c / za, JSub his father for four years alone menfes of nine. Yes.
quea Daniel of the year, which is attributed to the father by a berof, these acts are imputed to Balfafaro.
For in order not to be left for the sake of the memory of any help from Defiderius Evvilmerodachi.
Nabuchodonofori, it seems Neriglissares be in the kingdom of gessifTe place of a guardian of the Son, it is not.
for the king, this is even more for the sake of the queen Nitocrin, who has a large power of reality.
cavalry. .
Atvtvu7% vfèm] that is, $ airp6. Apparent. by Daniel V 1 1. 11. diretvwz? vfSm.
7, 9ne / "which in today's verfione ajrpé9m. D. Lust. 191, £ 52, and vtvwxàv.
• 6r, d * $ ßiaje we ujpa, set out below, from the Abydenus Megasthene. Hefych. cit.
tvprjlov,% λα αύφασί, τέμπωa: bacula, the lexicon Suidas, which is cited. generally Mif.
facras. But, by night, at a party, was killed in a summa fecuritatë a partnership.
you live yourselves, whose standard-bearer, Darius the Mede, was surnamed afterwards the Nabonidus.
The continuation of the in the that fringe Abydos, in addition to Daniel, these things I approve of.
Etiavcdotos] So we have corrected, and so on Eufebio too. The Iofephus it.
? 7ςτ / στως, which is recognized from the mistakes interpreter. In fact, he turns his nation, and therefore ,.
I do not know. It appears, however, did not read them? Aovszarog. out of the same conspiracy, he says.
that this was Nabonidus, whom I have not only the standard-bearer, but also auetorem.
"Confpirationisdico exfequentibus and Abydos. .
Naßoy% \ @] υσί>} ς Nassav Jerof lived, λαθύτος Herodoto. Deco.
mutationeNun cumLamedfatis previously and then the gods. He makes two tanaen Labynitos.
Hērodotum, the same as the superior Nabuchodonoforo Nitocridis qnörä her husband ,.
his father, Nabonidus, however, this does not, as wrongly cenfeo by Herodotus. For this.
Mabonidus were confined to the kingdom to be assumed by members of the conspiracy. It is not.
, therefore, was the son of his personal matters, nor tov zegg * oi indeed, as the Reet Megasthenes with.
"Harsh. Eratenimoriundusa Media, this method of Xerxes's son, Babylon.
Nature, cognomineMedusvel came about because of my father. Capessiuitregnum ann6 Na.
bonaflàrii 9c. Daniel says this year, while the volume prediction has hands.
the bathhouse, a place for him in the reading, fell in with a fe, in which mention is made of feptuagefi.
lord of the year; hence they began to feel apprehensive to him, pain can result from the length of the transportation. For further.
32. fupererant at the time of the Prophet defined. It would be entirely ill.
He is understood that the words in the sniya legemdum. Who was consequently that divine him fuif.
feptuagefimo be a year of captivity, in the same way they say, has been the same.
beautiful week. For the same reason. If the first year of killing Medi.
therefore, it is decided that he held in captivity, and the year, which is on it is made mention of the paying of caught by surprise.
μitatis, ytiquc & idem FugRom first hcbdomadum that cadcm works.
b. mentio1 6 1 N F L A G E N T 1000 A.
no mention is made of weeks. So teachers for incompetence and hate letters ,.
which we call the profane., the writing of the ball, as they have, as for the prophets, nothing at all.
they seem to want to, save that she has these interpreters had been in your mind. Therefore understand.
while he was reading, was able to say, Daniel, in the first year of Jeconiah, the captive ,. the same rights,
the first year of killing him, who had been trapped Iechoniæ tricefimus ninth, and.
Consequently ipforum feptuaginta.
Koiy% EE aoixafa, teuάθηκαι] The quoqueadverbumDaniel n> j ^ v ^ t ^ T Vs.
Tiv> E Mi Reeue £% * av ttJ ßaaiXeia *) XaXàafay, which conflituerunt things.
Gem of the. However Hebraifmus runs Å; $ & $ & A Rix N; ti; 3aoiXeiag Xax.
3afoy that if £ right essfiper kingdom of the king. Accordingly, to these is suitable to the other places.
the S & n> 'YP ap * <* p vy. The T) Median anus to the kingdom received.
So it might be a word with which the semen, Daniel, nunqufm otherwise vfurpatur, except in those their forefathers.
another for all delivered unto the redemption of the movement was started, and the image is more than $ IXa O £ ​​e, t, and of the Greeks, gaa.
Xefav. For <§22g £ ά τω βασιλείω can also, by virtue of their kingdom rear.
But that is not the word - placed words.

Page 311


Nabuchodonofori fublatam stock. In Daniel: I, too, the stock of General.
This came about chodonofori fublata is created by Darius the king. Nabonidus called again.
This came from Megasthene, and even those who created King of the Daniel co.
gnominare the. However, the fate of obstinacy is not acceptable, Na.
bonidum be Medûm. Why? Because we have not diets. Another credit.
earned. On our side are the same exfpeétari the envy and does not end. even as she.
Never trusted by the Trojans τί μὰ ἀγ o7ti%%% α ἐaph3n, τὸ ἐ τις Sec. Sw.
$ φηpí. .
Leave του τ and τ ve / ti / τοτχμὰ τέχn] and Herodotus to the Queen.
Nitocridi attributes. See place.
E ta ^ ^ & laxaj exgrœ era] In Nabonassari zo6, which was x 1 x CY.
Ti, eleven years before slackened captivity, which occurred in Na.
2. bonassari 17, who was feptuagefimus a grab Coni'ah, and hence the seventh.
gefis from Jeremiah booty burn the cap. x x x 1 Jn. Then for the application of the seven.
About forty of the prophecy of Jeremiah, the years elapsed have been to Babylon. This is obtained.
Hum lost Chaldeass & acquittances to Cyrus. Then it starts.
Perfarum the first year of the Babylonian Empire. For strength and can not stand to nabonidus.
Tim gained fuifle Babylon, according to Herodotus, who says citizens after the disaster.
Labyniti her flight, albeit small list of many years, FEED.
exfpe and investment circumstances in mind. Why after a long-awaited Ba.
hath raised us had taken control of the fortress of the fefe of continence to the Nabonidus within the Borfippi.
tem for the assault contends that by which the submission of the maker, the rest of the Ba.
byloniæ fpatio of time with no less subdue, the labor of which he has need of.
was. This is from Herodotus and others took Jerof. And so, then truly it cóm.
Pleta were feptuaginta of the year to Babylon, Cyrus the king to Babylon, with the matter to be flexible or.
Then came. From the time when the Chaldeans spoke to him, for the government of the whole of the new age thereof.
Afiâ Conqueror. Rightly said T) The God of heaven has given me all the kingdoms of the earth.
This does not apply in the first Olympiad 50 v, by which barely treacherous.
of the whole line was the king, and the Mede, even late in office, he that was with trigefimus, and the year from the.
Coni'ah grab. This time limit by one year in captivity is no different.
A. I n o t ly.
which imperitiafm be broken through the police and who put the king of the whole, Afiâ they do then, those who have scarcely.
gripping the rogue xecpa; x) 'dragged on board. However, it was easy for them to Cyrus.
with nails of the time to set up the whole of Asia by the Lord, who had overthrown Darius, a Mede by ho.
He will entertain, and Daniel himself are witnesses, and no roughness Medi private individual.
son, King & King Median Median son fomniant time when nul.
was the right of a king in, in addition to the Cyrus. .
Karzate J2,3 9. τω λεκτω Acias, τίαι) Understand India, and less am.
end Afia. For avowedly not to the entire Assyrian, and the remainder to.
command, the Indian River vfque, possessed by this force and nabonidus to.
it comes off. So truly Herodotus: 9 Kj'ell al & w * R * ple, TJ; irss ότο.
aiea £ toihtw (3, Agaveioioi άτετός. τῆς ἐπή8 less Afiamman1 name.
festival wisely. · · ·.
Atari ** U £ τῆς λωσμέος & æ $ Aro%. & 9.) Herodotus more than sixty years.
writes of this battle, before the Jerof the less so, as he had received from the Chaldeans, with the.
to Babylon: $ tra (Kjpg ") Ἀλωε άί τω BA £ vxa'ia. ci% vxówoi a BA from that £ PA.
and a grandfather, a grandfather αύ. έτι ἐ άγατά èxaóyoy & ygo +% τύλια, σταζαλά τε όi Ba.
CVX & woi, No. icatum, ς t +%; μαχr "***» * $ Naz, a A DJV. Clearly, this literally.
for example, Jeremiah 50: 1, 3o. (Strong ßabylonis off pr.eliari: remamferunt in the areas Mu.
mild, astonished I ta e $ t £ vla of them. The king fortified with several fuore.
Nobles scfe recepifTe said. And below, far from Rome, King had no ,.
When City taken by Cyrus. And, not long before his coming made this said before, under Cyrus, He is.
Rum, comma, zo. You are my hammer to dissipate inssrumenta war. The CY.
ro clearly refers. The rest of the law, and the comparison with the beginning of Chap. x 50 V or end.
x 50 1 1 1 ■ Ifaiam. These things are to be understood by the Babylonians in Jeremiah God does not have, so that.
Jews are stupid and they do things fated to be refuted, who fequuntur. Why Jews.
Babylon is supposed to be captured by Darius the Mede, are trifling are merse ,.
It was because of this phrase 28. equipped with kings medium. & Comm 1 1. 1) God is brown.
such ssiritum Kings Media. And it is obvious to suppose the two kings, Cyrus, and.
Darius fashion. However, comma, Zo speaks only of one king. This scares.
The number is more natural for the Jewish fingulari and Media named.
show that the whole is comprehended by the command of Cyrus. And accepting Ifaiam x 1 John 1: 17.
The xx 1, 2 fully expressed, as Elder, that is, their community, and the media together.
in the search. Then to nabonidus inside the castle Borfippenam inclufa ,.
is a great deal of labor, Babylon was taken by Cyrus, Herodotus tells us that the perfpicue: &.
So it is true "as stubborn classified filentium from Jeremiah 31 commas.
In running come curfores messenger to meet a message telling King ßabylonis, VR.
BEM was captured by the (lord) end. Curfores means τὰς α} {4egt from.
wherein HERODOTUS. The voice is Peifica Nys. whereby the nºs for the nnxs epiílola. From there.
Greece is undoubtedly @ άβλ. Therefore the Prophet and curfores.


Page 312


it was not only in the city of, but also very far from the city of, such as table in the fortified places; Bor.
fipporum that was commas 3o. How can he be Balfafar ,.
who most certainly was in the king of Babylon, are killed at a banquet? What does this say to emulate.
not of our thinking only, but of the truth? Prophet, say an empty prediction? What does.
these could have been more clear can it? Is it not, the same prophet, through the Spirit, the holy of when thither ,.
$ Præstantissimus the historic faith of the public accountants reported :.
B 3 Cædem18 1 N F L A G E N T 1000 A.
Horrible massacre and slaughter of Babylon, which is obeyed by Herodotus look.
ibidem.Sed what to say those words Herodotus, you άπαρὰ δέpv € ouoiav% y% ,.
£, £ Afwto ἐάτω ázso 73> with the Jo £ £ £% and Y% OV j) έτοίησε ότονοςψατωτχ τά τττωμ3.
Is not playing the same $ Vate, comma, 32: ... 33.423. "** <^ %% m @ άλη κατάφλε.
3a, 7rvei. For what can be more significantly could have been said, than to live in ponds, which can hardly be completely known.
they seemed to be able to, so deficcata, is burned up with fire, so that they can be seen: And yet, Babylonij and with these ,.
fefe, and supposed that the enemy, or contrary to be fortified, admirably fortified by which »the river, &, stand by.
īgnis, those, I say, they are taken prisoners. Mention is made of meat and again by commas 39,57 be.
sti, to celebrate when Cyrus, a city with which he began, according to Herodotus, which is fa.
dissert stand not far off, but in reality, the cause of, and in the time from the banquets which were, in which the nobles of the people gladly received Balfafarus.
Nephew Nabuchodonofori. Nor is it only of that makes mention of the Feast of the Prophet, to whom by his power.
the passengers that are taken and are Babylonij, but also of the idol, it is customary to whom it is dedicated to a. For sac ,.
was worshiped among the Babylonians and the Goddess of flue Sefac, to which the five dies in the all kinds of licentiousness.
tranfigebantur, by which time ipfas Dee Σικάαχμάpa called up nor Saturn.
restored to life of the Romans, which contains nothing is the feast of the licentiofius. For apudvtramque group.
They are brought into the luxury, having loosed the sorrows lasciuiæ.Celebraban the end of ficbant there is nothing left.
tur, therefore, Σaxia £ μ £; a, a fexta the tenth of the Loi Chaldaici, that is, the Jewish people of the month Elul, to the rectilinear.
nemVicefimæ eiufdem mcnfis. Athenæus lib.XIIII: Bapozi; i. 2, shares ba% xorius.
xôtz / A and a, Qn: i u! »I èxxa e" £ n% d <% ôcpt'o> £ .ax out; z * a * y> p $ Uato ey ba% ".
€% i% * £ 223 *****, 100, 2, 3A ô9 αλα γ. +8: s = 'τας δ ά * * ** oix d. <^) "Sa ;.
τε τχς οίχίας άα ω δ '} J & V & V% sxzo âuofa "a $ ßaaixix °. ά καλό $ A, Z "; dito.
(I t.i. Ίγβ my fertile% from the king, vtinam Prophets are Iofephus ,.
Daniel and Mordochai.) Myrwy * & $%; 'Op'%; And, Krra, as £ F & A? ITepaixó. Added.
So the Prophet: How Less Sefic? that is to say the capture of the he say that its the feast of the citie.
was captured, as long as ΣαχάαΧμ £ pa, celebrated with a congregation. Thus the cap. 1,2. Babylon is taken, Belconfufùs ,.
Merodachbaladan contritus.Nam taken Rome, and the images captured by the Bel & overthrown.
And so, the days of the capture of Babylon the æstiuis.Sed, and the year it is not known by us. Quod3l1te1m.
"Comma, 63 & 64 is said to be a waste of Babel, that no one in it dwells.
fuperfit, anointed us, we know any better; to whom also similar, so knowledge, 37 that is referred to, and in many.
Ifaiam past years, nearly as many words from the aforesaid X 1 1 1, 21. (The Tire gods.
Ezekiel, and then from elsewhere, we profess to ignore.) Since the same period.
Julian integra still fuperfuisse walls of Babylon, though for the most part.
the inhabitants of the cxhausta, & it did not come by force and not to war, but the proximity of the enormous mass of the city.
Seleucie. £) od opt. max. And merciful fustinuit avenge Nineveh deiiunciatam.
from the son of Jonan, so that faepiùs be necessary to happen does not take place, the care of the Prophets which are read ibtentauit, he procured his.
a kind of inexhaustible grace and difpenfatione.Sed mifericordiam fuse does not always ta the scrotum.
in the reuenged the sword of the fuum, others in fear of whom, rather, one of us & the amendment of, and in the destruction of the stretch. A.
Σωεκλείδη εἰς τ'ιω Bopottyyó) Jeremiah 50 i53o.
Kípg 48% Ba £ grzag wife's skirts.) Not once in defeat Nabonid, onions, for example.
a city with a long in the provisions of the Herodoto.Nam import and the investment of the citizens.
pectarunt. Nabonidus was defeated in Nabonafîàri 2o6. But they were captured.
Babel of time so we do not know, because the duration of the siege are unknown to us.
Qgod will suffer a lot of time, and the system teaches and Herodotus: K52 ,, j) ?,.
I> &'ve moved back ri £ c / JZ, & taxes% 8t? áyfíouí * AVX) 8, Sec. .
Ta 3 »tie earnest & gt;% * grueg.Jac. Therefore, a mistake by Herodotus, who wrote the third book.
· At the end: N, O TA 19.
In the end, AAE dig% £ £ subject matter and the tra * * BA% vXoy% Y% τέτλ's a $ io τότεύς ": £ Zeia ,.
Σ * is a primitive example tvxag ssp. τὸ $ 5 ze * T * ey èxày KÜegςτω B: £ vxori IA * T & TW ,.
8λέτεegy and c.Sed I Jerof recompense.
Leave Bipaitto.) Squinter, bapa * TT.TT. M B pcitt%. go? τόλις ά}, {u} g Apt. Σ.
But * ax "y9.Vnde Bopattooi astrologers, of which supra.
Extoxopxicv ti Na ^ oyyfjy) something that is very short interval between fear.
restored to life committed to him by with the Nabonidus, and of his surrender were present, it is already fu.
out of the premises we have shown to Herodotus. Whereby the time of surrender, and to designate the non pof.
fumes. .
Kατὰςτε • I • T) 2®) was the loser Cyrus old Lxxix. It remains so.
So, we can not. In Nabonaflàri yourfcif was 19 years old LX 1 1, a witness.
Daniele. Therefore, a very fenex, has died, so that the greater length of the stature of the stature of the reason.
habuifle be seen in Cyrus the king; to whom also, perhaps, the place would not have been in a man, to humanity.
Younger. •.


Page 313


feruatæ. We have, as a father Nabopollassàrum Nabuchodonofori fuif.
J know, and the third row of ten years Nabuchodonofori tricefimo.
a Nabopoliassari. Nor was this fat, except starting Nabopolassars us.
From Ptolemy it would be a. Let it cpocham and teampus excidij ierof.
lymorum scale. As far as the reason for our Chronologos avoid certain things, which from the.
daughters were epochas of fiction are, potc of these coliigcre. Now turn to the other along.
chin in hand.
A £ v £% O <; ) That scripfit Assyriaca. The praefentia us nothing about the tartar.
fuccurrit. Studiofi find.
I; by & * <* £ cl ai) Yes 2 + t} x * ®ptn J & J, which are also taken.
They Cicero, universities and Arian, who scripfit for about fifty years.
Before berof, under the end of Alexander the Great throughout the east islands. Vfus.
Familiarity Satrapa Arachofiorum Sibyrtio. Plinius, an Arian, but the residue of it.
they remember. On this point Megasthenis Iofephus x. Orig. Iudaicum. Maya & WN; J '.
c r i like ptr%) 1, J} ¤ μyruo and ez / J ', n 3; > V? J JV * 5e £ £ art to JJ ßaaiXea.
Aj3paig + S & πι, 'μεγάα έ αραζεω Ê <% x} rztì, HE &% a. KatzzpáJzSz 5%.
A clinical% & * $% tJ * t »y, z, u £ 1 £ reality. Read τολλ'ω, as also moderately.
Greece experienced a limit, and so on and sold in the previous day. Russina yet.
retained mistakes. For this τίλβ reads and forwards and sold in the πολλω :.
even the greatest antiquity, in the ancient writers had no faults of them, so that they may see Studiofi.
protrudes. Neither indeed was there any error in these Notes is to say, those who do not have a russin from the.
unlawful act. .
A £ 1 @ t.o and go out {t. ") In Egypt diferte campaign made clear.
from xxix, 18. Ezekiel. From this it is we believe in a united Libya to the tranfisse not whether they liked it. But out.
Iberia we have doubts as to the parts of the Euxine Pontus, and Iberia is made unless beyond. The fact fequenti.
tia on the marriage-in which is said deuiétarum of the nations and the colonies to the more skilful.
Black Sea deportatis. .
Qς αja (a, and 72% ßaaiX iæ * & %% if V;% ά άτει λ) At least sketching history.
Div. 4, 26, Daniel. does not attain the flue than the fault of the Chaldeans, by whom.
married, fine fua. For it is said that in the king sua, he changed his behavior.
is that this is a softer interprctatione said κατεχθώa,% 3 * "\. Why.
   * 1 Præ2 B 4 O N F L A G E N T 1000 A.
These are excellent remaining. • • • • * '.
B% xn) If B% xg Jupiter, therefore B x%; for Juno. Thought he had.
Daniel nvsvpY2 the family member. However, O is a radical, but in the RAU BfiAtis.
by Syyo) vGy. And so, there is no before a member of the surname, the B% λτις Damis.
Us. Daniel yourfcif the cap again. 4, 5 says that God's name is near. Therefore -a.
it Βάλ®, \ y> B Aug.%.
H% £ IIipans; aloyog) bear mule is a god. And it was the IIcpGμύς, the father.
Camabyfe mother was born Meda Mandane. Replace cover :.
Aλλ 'άτάρ ἐuloy © £ ßaoiX; 1000; $ IOI% ritual. So Suidæ Zoroastrs IIepara / 3 »;.
çlicitur. • ''.
Erw $ $% xoaudto) Ifaiam x lv 11, 1, 1. Go to a place like this exists.
Oόλ \ azvastig £ w ** 1000 »«) Cyrus, the mule, which is a human hybrids.
He calls human beings, he would also foretells Babylon, and fault cuiufdam the ME.
give its name. Which fell upon the minds of Babylon, he said, of the Assyrians, And that he was out of the flue.
uinxisse, that he then him call a Agaveuov aùxnua, that is, that the deeds of him Aflyrij.
have in the mouth. Of Darius the Mede not understand is perfectly quiante Cyrus.
into the kingdom have been called from those in which the latter was the aöxrua. We have therefore before.
Damielem, beginning ix First year 1) arij son Xerxes flue Oxya made for women.
Of the Medes, who was wafted out of the $ t fuperis the King of the kingdom of the Chaldeans. This conduct, fine Oxyares.
(That runs 0chos 0arfes Aexurr fine, fine Hebrew name eight ins) was.
Median or faltem coming from the medium. For, out of a woman, for the kings of Media will show this plainly.
is to say, a native of the Medes. This is what can be referred roughness ipfum ,.
how to son. The son of a woman for at least the. He was born there.
in the Middle, not said to be a native of the middle class, which is the Median took could not be done, it is said,, O.
riundus the medium. For no one, who is, however, something fapiat, contrary to the perten.
oata people. But if this conduct either father or son, Darius, is a woman.
Of the Medes, he was not, therefore, the Mede. How, then I could be King.
diæ? While we were Medûm, then, that the king fcquitur medium.
to? As often as I read the comments, I will Chronologorum, nothing is more fuccur.
rit surprised at this, as well as those of Daniel to pick up from this place that he wanted to, that this one, Give.
to reach out to the kings of Media; because it is called by the Mede, whom, however, from the consideration that it hated Me.
dus it would be, if it were conceded, therefore, the King was, would not fcquitur. I know vc.
terem be a mistake. And yet, the more I am surprised, that the oldness of the Organizations whose concern it, and the.
quifiuerit, all of prejudicial inquiry. If the old ER.
are not ashamed to use a rare, faltem then I may repent of the obstinacy with in the future. Oxyares it.
This Ochoa Oarfes fine, fine Ochfoarfes, fine conduct, fine Ahfuerus, fine.
Axurxcs, (no matter how you say the same thing returns) Median of the Ba.
hath raised us be conferred on them by, and there he had overthrown Darius, genucrit, who on this account & a native of.
from the center by Daniel as the father, and came about because of the generally known.
it is not to that, the Mede, is at any rate it would be.

Page 314


& Media, and coming from the medium. Thus, in the nation of the Tarquins at Rome of Collatinus ,.
Efquilini the nation Hbbminia Auruncans in the nation, running, caelimontanis in.
Verginia nation Sicilian family sobriquet, Manaertini the nation Pinarian, Sabina.
the nation Sicinia, and others named in many of these areas, in which the author.
the affairs, it is not, however, to »were born.
Aeovsxoy aiyuz) calls Medem boasting Assyrians, that only.
gratiaeN O TA 2r.
among them, the study of secret places: a & fa & the Ionians and gathered to the grace of components, such as with no one else fpes.
iuas rep6fitas were bal * ylonij. Thus the sum of Balfafaro his conspiracy, op.
pressure, handing control to the offer by the Babylonians, as is described in Daniel and.
i3erofum. This was Agaveae, auxy as Ifaiam xx, 5, AJ% *.
^ TX aùxrua.
Π233,%% uja t} τας% tολι] or to have more dues to be sacked by Cyrus.
pinasse said that the victory of Cyrus charges after neare unfortunate event.
Himself in the Borfippena the fortress of the fefe they receive it, or something of the kind, which is why his crime was.
Got possession of Babylon, Cyrus the king made. Babylonij that the king fue were deprived of.
Tato had small menfium several provisions in the siege Cyrus resisted do.
nor did Cyrus observing this, the day that he had, or is customary in the worship of a certain work in fine, Eu +.
Phraates, in the place in the diuerfa part of the derived, fecuros, and nothing of the sort timentesop.
tired a man, the king, was within a arcemBorfippenam fefe that which contains them.
£ Eμ you, Rey e; V $ ay βαλάζ] The reform fefe worth man such as Ni.
mia by this grace, by which he was able to, and at last was going to harm is done to posterity Nabuchodonofori.
Something of this sort of understanding my glorious the king; to whom also he did to the issues of the faith. In fact, to him now.
as well as the kingdom of fpirare and tracked. Megasthenes, however, which is why these defumpfit A.
bydene, ignorant of will, him he not recognize him to Medem, who was afterwards dictus Nabonidus is made.
Indeed surprising that this fragment.
IIaeg e% u "htajit] Koahgo, that is, has died, Nabonassari 183 years, so it will not be.
imel we have been told. I do not doubt, but that in this final judgment on these practical wisdom.
was given unto Darius the Mede is escaped of the most powerful, most of the king, as he was come, and the all-powerful with the of Babylon shall.
mos au & toritatem and properties free formidable acted. in which the received him not.
conie disappointed and offer fua. For from Him they Laborofordachus by name, hath Balfafar out.
tin & it is a & fa in his place shall he the king of the fuse from the popular and faétionis & frankincense thereon:.
Tgrg §> & t *% @ ανάτ ßiaja uipo] interfeetor is not Laborofordachus Balfafar.
Nabuchodonofori possession of his daughter fifth year of the administration of his father was not.
riglissaris, menfe nine, since the only occasion fa reason for killing the midst of gymnasts.
Mines Nabonidus, at a banquet. And in that it defies the descendants of the great Nabopol.
weary as gods, and then it is entirely Daniel V, 28, and Jeremiah xxv 1 1, 7. For the matter.
To translate the kingdom from the left after them Nabopollassari, to the Nabonidus as being descended from the Medes, and was by the.
him, came unto the king of the Medes, Cyrus, and Perfarum & acquittances of. Entirely by commas.
28 is nothing else than the ancient kings to external control Tranflator be.
expression. The nabonidus is interrupted fuccessio General future.
cfiodonofori. However, Darius the Mede, and? Cyrus would be made up feptuaginta years.
Babylonij command of the prediction XXV 1 1 7 1 xx x 10. I therefore Darius.
while Cyrus was one of the kings, and many other mad by the ignorance county.
I could invent. For Darius and Cyrus ruled denied Daniel x 1, 1. side.
"The angel of the first year of the killing mean, it was the first year for killing me.
DI and year. However, I thank toys that these exercises STOP. Is up.
the time of Babylon, there to reign with the perfor the whiteness, that is to say, at the beginning of the years of the first.
Babylonian Empire my palace. In fact, it was of Babylon, Darius the Mede, and ponder how.
Media attack originated. .
NA% awyßgy] Legendum NA%% g ot ;. Herodotus & Jerof is pyixx either.
vyi> Na% vrg or aa £ U / vrg. However, this is TToaia * Na £ οήχες together fylS.
Laba ampliys than Jerof and Hcrodoto, which is indeed fyllaba cxtat in.

qiinp2 2 1 N F L A G E N T 1000 A.
min: overthrown. It is nomcn is more sound than Jerof and Herodotus ,.
Map% xázzjg how sound one name Ptolemy, Mero.
dach Ifaiam thirty IX. This can be truncated and many other quantities that a.
children infected. .
 AtoJ \ {xyùaßaoiXía], Daniel ijtm dizáúz9m ssao "&, fuel or created eflTRex.
Nabonassari 19 years it has been, where it was two years old and fexagin.
ta, according to Daniel. Nabonassari born in the year 128, Babylon, father Xer.
Xe Medo, Babel inmates. For it is not Darius the Median took from the Medes Oriuns.
dûs said Daniel, except born elsewhere than in the middle, and the Median him.
the surname of his father, not from the native soil. Were deluded they are, therefore, very much, that is.
CX Mediæpro woman in Medo, and Medûm for the king by the middle powers. Those that.
A rare thing in our own Chronologis she hath hewn out in reality there is nothing puerilius the same. .
Lle, AKS, (£ 6ό 855] fanguinis no legal connection with the Balfafaro. She was.
is born, Babylon, as we have said, your father the son Medus, whom, indeed, himself are, or perhaps, do not.
Medo, fed by rising Media. For ambiguous in Daniel. Therefore, the reality and yourself.
the middle of the thigh by Daniel. And so, if the 8a aeso Hortz}, such as table of the external.
Daniel V, 26, 27, 28. For the commas 26, Balfafari the absolute kingdom ,.


Page 315


never appeared in the labors under deprehenfum, that the enemy had his & standard-bearer of the conspiracy was.
initæ Nabonidus præponderauit to him; & Prægrauauerit to the Greek.
The $ ta $ χαταí with that in the balance. 28, finally commas realm posterity Na.
bopollaflàri foreign Tranflator. Of course, this can take a lot of Medo steal.
rilitas error has been up to now spend readers can not deny moment.
naciores to suffer more, rather than acknowledge Him: as the capital, is true of the other Angels.
rather, than he is from yourselves plant taken from the fuifle. They will not cause persistence, too.
three envy and hatred of the truth and shame and penitence wild. Give Quihunc.
King they reach the central propterca what is called the Median and the gods.
And then there is Daniel V 1 edietam made fertile by the law of Media & c.
Perfàriim, usually takes place. This may, in Volume refuted.
This came about through all the land, Darius, having received the power & & & In fact, they prefer to the scriptures, the things that.
xegno of Babylon: the tract of & false Christs, they were, he traversed Arabia, and in the Sufiana, to which they prefer to the & frankincense from.
rat, Daniel, cdiétum doing this. But once the Sufiana finished Media.
inmperij duty & Media laws tempered. ItaqueDario abroad.
no person who is ignorant of the work of rogue and legal advisors to say, you know.
(King, Media & Perfarum it to be a law that every edict and coiifiitutionem a regent.
of acknowledgment for the impossibility of changing the. These clearly show that not bear neither.
The Medes were. Otherwise, there would be advised. For Himself, Darius, by commas.
12, says' I was Senatufçonfülto veílro growth together with claufula, Vr 1MMv.
TAB 1 SS et le e WAR Persarvm more. What's more ?.
JAtqui: Know thou, O king, they say, that claufla were added, and, indeed, not to the King, his behalf some leading ,.
it was lawful to quodfemel Sufidis the decree is made by the fenatus among the nobles, to change it: something which you.
he had bunc 1) AnieL by law, where instructors to deliver the force. Therefore, the Darius ,.
King & the Media and the rise of the Medes make a na ,.
frankincense and fexaginta two years, was so unhappy, so it never eDiets.
any help from the time I was done with all of the kingdom, in addition to this, another 5 or its figure, to the point was an infant.
have so far been ignoraucrit & morem palace rules, which tell.
   "IgnorareN £ o t. 2 3.
He was right to ignore. Exfpe and to how these things are so sure refpondeant. But anyone.
he does not see, that this had overthrown Darius, having received the power, in traversing the various provinces, there should be no a pro.
Recently it became a new person was taken to the kingdom feditio rise, and instead.
uinciales are led to a ossicio stay at home, and when you are in Sufida, to which they prefer to the & frankincense from.
Nabuchodonoforo a rat, Daniel, reached by the leaders of the Kingdom calling him.
he wanted to create a risk? Daniel charge Suforum were not obscured.
Rum, with yourfcif has been one of the fummis Lords command. Div. r 1, 2. neither.
be allowed to be absent from the Indians, from the Prefecture of the fua, and not to boast in another refiderg. But the tide.
Sufis. Div. V 1 1 1, or 2. Therefore, in preference to radiation and burning sua was in the hall or in reality.
GIS. When Daniel's three focij conieéti furnace are in no doubt ,.
Should it yourfcif and Daniel conie and burn it, if it had not been. Now they prefer and nature.
fua. , All of which are most true.
1 T R A V E, candid and for Le, from Ezekiel learned, or thirteenth.
Nabuchodonofori whether anyone was tricefimo King that time too.
porc be on the queen. There are those who are endued with any trial, let no man come.
When the king of kings to govern another grant, but the father and son, and is.
long, is the time of the kingdom, to be the father of him, but the reason might be summoned. Therefore tricefimus.
it belongs to the time of his father's, that year is Nabuchodonofori. But what we teach.
bit to its father's name? Stands Jerof that Nabopollassarum tell.
shipped. Nabopollassarus the tricefimo year of his reign, when three times.
tiumdecimum the time when the son of Nabuchodonofor. It is enough to LO.
When an illustration of Ezekiel, and from this, the tenth oétauo kingdom.
father, son and toasted in a focietate Kingdom calling. But what can they do after that? Who.
I teach when this happened? For this object he fatisfacit Ptolemee that was.
Nabopollassari first year, says iniuisse the year Thoth Nabonassari.
113. Full of history as well as the Ezekielc than the Jerof, as well known.
in time of Ptolemy fatisfaétum. Facras Chronicles of the entire system.
on the one side depends on the ratio in which fled shamefully all the Chronologos haetenus.
You have again a fragment of the time of death, from the same Jerof Nabopollassari ,.
Therefore the beginning of Nabuchodonofori, of which mention Daniel's ongoing ,.
that ye shall surely remained a secret. Fuccessiones addition, has a son and a grandchild.
Nabuchodonofori. Finally, do you know him, who had just before Cyrus in Ba.
Babylon, took power comes from the nobles of the king have been created, and Na.
bonidum the deepening of: when it was given unto Darius the Mede prove that they can, whom he conquers the same ,.
Cyrus is held close to the tranquility and the kingdom has been called, for example.
the family had never belonged to him, shall not be collected from the nationality or Nabuchodonofori. But one of the.
this fragment of choice Abydenes or Megasthcnis not only do the same.
fuccessio kings of Babylon contained, but also crowning him.


Page 316


propinauerit. Why see J as she is futile history of strangers;.
And polite letters, while the truth of the empty conieéturis properties.
, rather than in the writers of the times, the most reliable confistere, & would not be ipfos.
writers once but he could believe. At the larger m.
special skills, or the great confidence which comes to pass, you may be able to doubt the right of. I leave now equal to or meet.
rather than Jerof & Megasthene believed to be insulted. We went on.
homeland.
Egº G2 4 1 N F L A G E N T 1000 A.
Ergº jg from A3}} TNS) ~ e}; % * Or *.), And then the gods. There has been another HecatæusMi.
be heated it is older than Herodotus, who scripfit Hydafpis under Darius, the son of. But writing.
has been rising, and the house is hiding in the quarter and the times of Alexander the Great.
Seleuci. It Scripfit} αιά book fingularem, since I> t> attruatio, eliminating it.
ptum is a Iofephus when it does so propofuimus, more like those things.
written here; they are, in the confpeétu of all the eflent, than the fact that any, of the obscurity.
would have the guarantee of that in fc. Origen is the first book in the Celfus x) Exgrjs% τ ?.
go; O5 desire on the £ ¢. I83ajor £ Aioy & A from posívix uàxxoy was as OV <% t / άζ.
'I & T $ Roa; »Άς penetrable Epàyioy σέλωa. cp ~ tafa £; IsJaja; V »?? uuat. <Pótvy λὰ long time.
φθέλλά him isteuxs5 3% T} t. AVY £ guua. Σεύτ * E9, J? 23 a. »Ότι clearer? 3f, aJtoj εὐκάς.
aJii, avynpzác5va ὐτὸ τάς $ z. IS3 & Lo; *% Wότητς xg) AVY & ratijçie from $ ASSR, TJ.
2 \ • s'yω.
Ila ** "• / (& u4x / sz; zjiay ft.) Eiu £ 7) Tyøjns & τί; ττe, Aytiάχε said cb.
£ from alone. 3 polyouéter; τχς Συ • "" "... száì" y. If there is conie & turæ ,.
Timocharis, I think, to be read to him in the place, in the place of the τά ανομάτα, μζ. Yes.
not a lot of absuerint a fententia of Hecataeus for both of us, who are both vetuf.
hat. i. .
A TV $ e $ <*) * * ** • μve / Κας) russina were men and about one hundred quii.
fifty thousand of them. This was true Fane, if Hecataeus scripfisset a}) tijt, and JA.
xg uveaaja ;. You see, what have been your citie of Jerusalem, as of the whole O.
ricntis kit could really call tartar Hecataei, this is the beginning.
Seleucidae.
Ilae 3 '3} ινό λ) russina is read out z% o £ »£ x \% iy® VTR and rg.
AXX 'ex AVX ^ extra ass32), Paul diuerfa with Eufebius: Cy άρωμ4 3 ;.
* And ** ^ * ^ & èτιωττον AVX outside. A λέa}% and% * * • zvyx v9. Iofephus lib.XII. κα.
$ Axa, 2. "Oh T; Vaia% ** * xgvâ fact, Cx. 252. avvdxto, WA 4x9% *, »8 λελατωμόον.
cz A * eyv. lib. 4. Div. VIII. CX Ajax U) κατερχαιόω, ἀλAa za / 432 avyxa.
μάω. . .
Oùx ex Cyprus') Dt. XXVI, 5. Iofue VIII, 3i. Iofephus κατταν & ασs.
J AJA at 8%, x)} § ά τετε ζ * ygty 2, V ° »him. 1. Look macabre. 4, 455 46, 47 ,.
For the altar of the DC (It is written by Hecataeus was pulled from Judah Macabæo.
Oό ρωμάς ἐ; x) xyxyß) In other is xvx a. For so it is always in the Bible in Greek life.
From this side, and Iofephus called. We have fifteen men and {^ /// ,, am a golden mantle.
When Antiochus Elias gold facras fupclle & tile, the previous macabre. έλαβε έ39.
oiag * * O 2 evaoj football, m} τω χχyia, τὰ φωτις, δ τω (b τ'ακάκωτῆς. Hafmonaei.
the new world power and a stand that sold the same quantity of gold.
her. The kings of the things under the uttermost parts However, the blooming of the Jews, than the best.
still stand taller that sold gold to forgo & TA is the other.
Hafmonæis referuata are made in thefauris Temple. And when the temple.
under Titus with me also that conflagration, two candlesticks, and the things that were in the thefauris asseruatus ,.
To Titus, mine are restored, and brought him in triumph, the things which Himself, and that their dignity in the man, ar.
with Paula exscalptum. Iofephus lib. άλως. force. Div. 2. Titus said reflituta λυχyia ;.
8vo art '3' τί ya * xeiu be a $ a $ Tancies, Sec.
Tiaeveg to E & ς η εῖσαι τὸ] At the time of the Ioscphus a far more extended. ~ p3.
And τ? }? ssous; Living x 7% Jág.Ã®, "" R, "£ A9; J \? & Prxg cxei /? iavy Aia. zzwtri.
xoy7z πηχω. f.
OJJ \ arts.
.
•.

.
Oh oh} τευμάτωτxz%. ^ *) Jaxoi√s] Deut. xv »21. Judges 26.
1 1 Chronic. XXX 1 1 1, 3. neither humane grounds. For Ifaiam at the end of a rope.
unto the feast that the Hebrews, for that they are in Opisthonais of the idols from the garden, they were, in whose.
the februabantur. Moreover, the temple is forbidden, but in Profeti.
curls along the trees. Philo, in the mission, ἀf (aesaevì, 7. A oa ^ E ;.
$ URA and assure d $ uexatus κατίοx "! At. Then the old inscription: A cot.
'' '' '9. ** N G N 1 O 1 O P O R A 1000. a. P r o s ε ν ό μ Λ. Almost none.
Profeuchae been seen, save trees confession luuenalis out of: a.
conieétrice; .
- Condom £ pa under the tree bride :.
Again.
Solyma legal translator; 100 & mgma priest. "
vfrboris -.
Also: ■.
7 \ inches / sharp fomte woods and temples are located.
The Jews, of whom is a basket and, fœnumquefùpellex.
All were ordered to pay EFL.
JArbre and eieéiis mendicatfilua CAMAENA.
"This position is generally not well enough understanding. Clearly, it appears Jews.
profeuchas to have placed in the woods, and, such as it was in at the gate of the fountain, aá Ca.
Penalty, "the sources like Cicero mention of the N ...", Dear.
Varro from the same source Fontinalia gods & TA (eribus. Profeucha trees.
Iuuenij of Jewish and bade them to depend on the hire of a whiskey, when he says, "not only of a trap.
Rum allude to the Jewish tax, which veteres book, njummi and.
Martial.


Page 317


Oammatam as 1000 ends.
And so we've Tertullian Jewish people and Tigale said. That aw. "Tax.
there was a åíJezyuo, as it is known by all, that they demanded from the Jews, after the femur.
Temple joy. And if the Jewish temple tax called `Cen.
fus, as is evident from the gospel. Didrachmis capitatim is required.
in Judea, which means that even Iofephus £ Xaa. i. ZA. P "/" "fa 3 Gy, AZ. :..
/.
* $ Jaaub, AJT £ one hundred and two, and oi τατ $ pee ATI, ex assay raccdat 7rap £% y. Targuin lo.
Nathan at the end of fig. Y = y <£ app Ê '§ *' s on the n, n, n 7) Elag ,,,,, ".
"Roman and I exigemt be set out in Jerusalem. What happens s> <£ * e'P this point Inge.
nue acknowledge to be ignorant of the Jews, which is an English voice f'§ § ,, c ". Tcmpli.
euerfo for the tribute of the province, the Jews and the Indian EFL capitatio didrachm.
my dear, that is to say that which they used to depend on fanctuario »that as the Capitol of the offensive.
Iofephus authors and Xiphiline. This effect is the address of the coin, c. .
1000 N 50 5 1 1 A F's V 1 100 1 500 1 100 1 s A v B 50 A TA am, profeuchæ consequence.
they had a congregation, (which AZ £ cat, also called & abso *) or the same.
the thing is, I did not think assirmo, and more and more to the mind, as they can not he has had the same.
Profeucha business and Sabbation, fine Synagogue. .
   100 ka, ().
2 6 1 N F L A G E N T 1000 A.
Kaj oioyo 8% 790% * z forte; Cwtta, fiep] Leuit.x 9 Ezekiel. XLIV, Σo.Iofephus ,.
v £ Xaa. % 5% voïage G * e / o / y ajóa Σ% m / yov @? ipia / άσμοι, a long-ßJasoy.
Goes " _ " \ " ! 1 1 ^ / or / * •, •.
zzςχόνόμοι p / b. Alga. Y.> "7τό axle *** roOro, £ & $ tr; άroties; be from $ <&& jw C49 3 ;.
λ {τεργεία. And 3 αλαρλSy. eioi zeyi %% x% yn®αλοι, τύά, οίον έας τά τω ςτλω ἐ.
Xaxoxvu at 24% Oi.
Maawa ^ E93 Eφέστ9] Iofephus this:% ga.de J 63 ®; aq. ' £ x £ Q8 * gaaiXéo ,.
<PA $ SZ% Ti, Exna & 3apGajos% νομάας Cx * ^% 'cxafiois2gauâtor atwv% AZ ;.
tò iszeka, μαθό. And. x Origin. Iudaicum. MåawJcs; ό μετεφegaz ¢> & τύπίς (pot.
{VA and xäxTov @. Tveit> age is it; τω E> t oixto part]. So worthy, whose ff.
des is to be used, be broken through with the whole of history, the nation, from the Tabulariis hauferit.
This Menandrum Tatian Pergamenum does not Ephefinum.
I AG] is estyn. In Apologetico Tertulliani failty Jerome.
Øhænix King tjri for trom Phoenix, remember that we monuifTe. jezug not ess & :.
p.9 said craspecht old writer Mctaphrastae books Weddings Phoenix.
Bala "£ n * # Xoy post (you / A.] This truncated are in the past and sold & Pers.
my sister, is acknowledged by the Russin: that you all will crrorem other nation whatsoeuer. And so, at the beginning: the wickedness of men.
dæ clinch. .
Oe; at $ c] dius old Phœniciacarum things written about them, he writes.
<Ti; £ oyix.axg3. έ (Eipou €) reality AEG; Aja zgs μάp * ^ *; fixedly a & gt; 2a, a.
, ~ R \ * / A. v. 67! 1 \ 7. \. \ »¢ \ n» • 1> 1 \.
pwgi% ^ W ay 7rs7roirxe, $% Oxvuris Ads% iaej καθ 'eáv% ó ú / αα, ίγχασας Io.
μεσό έττον, οτωής τί τίλά, δ 2evG; Aja £ huaoi'cxiguras. ala & A, '' to G, AJ.
Win £ ayoy oz $% * AEG; τυυ yaa ','% & bull & TJ. .
They carry AP $ Aegy] was like this, and Carthage, which was Tyriae color.
nia. Strabo, a ἐτε τί; Kapyràrìis § £ j ** jxevajtw, State & Gwos and pv% p%. Or.
£ pw, therefore, to be read; 2e9 $, δρυχωρίς is the same as, or, what is here, e) pi; »e93. Old.
books, such as stamps learned IFAC Cafauboni, have ejpvy% &% a. The EJP: / £.
2® € 9y read Eupe »ejo the Origins of Jewish x.
E, O, T% AA;] & Sidonij Tyrij Jupiter was named YG other places diximuss.
Greeks yertunt Bias - which ssel and used to express the J EE - neither.
this, however, distinguish it from the Belo of Babylon. % YY is very common.
Rum Gods Tyriorum, Sidon and Ammon nickname. Vii.
of many things: p'ya, that is to say, to the Baals feruifTe are said to be some of the Hebrews. For am.
it was called at the end of the Ya%, but with a single attribute, such as the Ya cypv%.
They were air that Z and Greece. Philo was Byblienfis from the Sanchoniathone.
Berytio t y 5% $ 5V) cóuóoy $ μό8 eg "8 KJezoy BEEAs> .AMHN xaXótis,: 31.
from $? Ofi1 Köeig 8ezy $% $. Ze), 5 ταρ 'Eλλnot. However, the Hebrews χλευστικῶς 'f% y Beelze.
Lord muscg keeps calling, as they will never fue above gcntes gods.
the name of the call, but the abomination of, or afpernamentum. So instead of Beth-el, •.
they Bethavven. For the family, so named by the Samaritans dicebanc.
home empty. Why, if someone thinks Bcelzebub calling AB Tire & :.
Sidoniis, and not as an insult to the gods and am more afraid, is not slightly ,.
mistake. So did 1 Kg. 1, 2. It is Ba'al, which Ma A-.
xJatio, is calling for Dius, the of which the beak above we bear in mind. For Cypw% going to the Zeÿt !.
άλύμπι9 who invoked the infulaTyri, where he ćq); geeyzethe. Vtautem favorable.
cipyºva, zzle. & $ & Ezy, thus Juno apy nºya xvela $ equal to $ diets. By so we Phifer.
blienfis% BA% n calls. But Cam Haiti interprctatur, equal to $ Greeks said ,.

PœnisN o t ae. . 2%.
Paint in Africa celestial bodies, which had been τολέχς Karthaginienfium.
GTM is said that Juno of the countries mgis all one number.
(Pojlhibita hiatus. - '' //.

  • •.
At that Carthage and was depicted a young lion of infidens, his right hand a thunderbolt, finistra hīsce.
ptrum carrier, may be clearly cufum in numifmate Severus, Roman, and CA.
racallæ.

Page 318


castanets be imagined, and the Lion Goddess ipfam subject Cybelen.
fufpicabar be in vain. For me as an error Tertullian, in the Apo.
Apologeticum; When Riley attributed both Cybcle, rather than a celestial Karthaginien.
ii. V / d Beil said, impeliere, at least one free, and Ceres, and Cele $ t ;.
Mother. In fact, the most commonly available in the editions of the sick, in honor of Ceres, for which the Celejli ha.
vctercs bent instrument. In facris letters of Baal and Astarte connected and Astarte.
* Pn said. But they need nºn called y appears: Where SNN GG assist:.
, not of Afìorta said. astarte same as was seen with the Celestial and.
Accordingly, with Juno, too, as also of Augustine; she thought. Others Moon, some Ve.
nerem say. Philo Byblienfis: τω δέ Actip:., $% Ohtxes Aoeosta, 37) 10? S.
Cl. Herodotus, the τω $ PA »2o Arabs said Alilat writes. That instead.
Of course Moon cornicu! constitution means. For even today 3JSs G "a" (3.
<< eiov%, that is, the Moon μκ οει% and the call is being produced with the ongoing on a cot.
You do vifionis fuse their powers as talks Vitruuius. Therefore, for the peruetusto.
"Glossary Arabic read AJS» Squarable and JS »Noiila.
Also, G2 and y £ W Herodotus, and others say they'll be. However, anti-Arab.
Venus was walking Kevar ecutes have been above all in the other.
warns. Strictly speaking, it was said that the AEA poeo ho, Lucifer. But astrologers.
Venus said Mary Witness to Herodotus, the Chaldean nerum Ess.
I2, S <* Nºnp So,%% υίτι EZ. Astarte the Phoenicians and the same 5 & Kino.
Venus and the Moon. Luciano e> vens%. Acviptw s. 3,2, 3 »!. Citadel? ajw.
άμ.Λ, 4. Varro Astarten & Taauten Phœniciam and compares Serapis.
Ifidos Egyptians. However, Philo Byblienfis Taauten Phoenicians in the first place.
fuifle of all of the gods, whom Aegyptij should vouch Thoth, and the Greeks Eput :.
irin prosc £ lo is to be of the Hebrews, that, as the ßao from Hi they have done, by which the words no.
And from that day on Phoenics the immersion. Which in Hebrew knows, at this Hebraa ;.
ca simply recognize that any change in the end. The astarte way, Philo Byblienfis ,.
Scripta άτ'άrxe £ £ £ ßaaiXeia iJig xe ^ UX; xaq from $ AUC) Axtar) (αὐps. Proculdu.
Moon pointed out that bio-SHAPED.
Curved front following the fires, Horace the Taurus ,.
 •.
Bion :.
>>> 5 / i 5 r.
Iaz. T ^ £ 7Γ <x £ λοισι% EC. y = T £ 20 £ καρη ".
". E / P. 1 "1.
Ayv} 93 τρωτομον, m & WG dvta xvxX \ o. c AZJ * g.
We see, therefore, how the ancient Hebrgorum Phocnices Deos the care of those whom CX II.
2. fees mu'28 € 1 N F L A G E N T 1000 A..
\.

of November, same as of loan were that a mistake fint interpretation on it. To this is to be referred, that Iofephus.
writes: λέγα 53 (Theophrastus) at xoxvsov Tve @! o, $ US $ ylxct; άρκst; όμγυφ and.
OIC changed ts "and 2% y penetrable τι καλεύμόνον áfxsy KOPBAN xyzze / £ μεῖ. Iofephus reality and you.
Kop means £ j € €% eov) A3. This is the place Memoirs beautiful.
terpretatur him, Matthew xxiii, 18. In fact, at the end of this passage of Theophrastus he may be.
Matthew not be understood.
Kpvauj xloia] Herodotus book on the eleventh floor polish and two large ,.
of gold, the other, in the temple of Hercules, one of the two fmaragdo Tyrij, it does not.
Louis be seen writes. And fmaragdina Pliny as a pyramid.
he calls. Dehac's column, Eupolemus old, from Solomon: ta / £. Σεpow.
I ¢ ¢ Tdeoy ziw <'s a force; χρvatuò xiora TI and Tijpis aòaxeûêvo 100 / tafispôtêAlę.
IIp & ivvv τω £ "POV% Heg.xxás T] Previously saved the Temple of Hercules, posters.
"Astarte. This is the first in the way they are read and sold for the thing, but at the same time, and tio le ,.
appofuimus which is recognized by Russin.
T§ H222xis;] the divinity of Hercules, tutelare of the Tyrians, to which the human Offer to.
they were victims of earthwork Auetore Pliny, bk. XXX V 1. Div. v. Mixxxpto; Luz.
from Tire, according to Philo Biblienfi. of which in the names of Phoenician and also in the footsteps of the extant.
Hammilcar unforeseen. However, in reality / axoy (b gtreux a Eufebij read ®ofiixes ^ ?.
1000 weighed% &% *) Ovowey eleven points of άλες dtiuotiegt; 6 * (OT; τέλ, AJJ \ egς 8%; p & $ ajwy.
G. max weighed for 1000 %% # »**%; & Ovowe9y for óvov, Efau, which elsewhere.
Tarv.i; ] Russina has Titiceos. Vtro way to read it, I thought that, it is not.
news. In the eighth O & Origins Iudaicaruna read τίς τε κύκιος. And thus uncertain.
reduc broader than long..

Leave τότε ύ τις A £% non »9] dius unknown history of the vacancies £ tvegnôr. A.
eyavx'ae, Σολομάατίμ Jaj ^ <ρασι ze '+ E? ouoy ajyuatv a ταρ' avtyxgCj du%. * 5.
μη% Y% ºv x £ W TW ajfyuz% tο 'a *> * u4tw outlined άτὰμιον αύω. άa J \ A £ \.
μονὰτὰ TJeo, ajjezzae9t% * * »5a J & αυτό 2%. ze% eyi 3 / a / a / awz. X.
2sua from toxag, 7. "Fig us aesGtofiaz, 2 eins (b. Why are Eupolemus old.
's quotation Eufebio, Hiromi> 9pova call, I could not possibly divine. But even.
Letter ßaaiXiog Σολοσόφ Rae * Σεροya. ßaoiXia. Typs xà Xio € x% ®oivixnc.
The fictitious and ridiculous, which mentions τίς Σauapafii} ς, with Sama.
, Syria, the king of Omri are kept, is produced by a renown in the Ifraelis, who founded her and, from the name of the Se &.
lun, from which only the purchaser, thus vouched 1. Reg. XT 1, 2, 4. He began to reign.
O & oétagefimo matter in the creation of the eighth. So far, over time Sa.
Lonon Samaritan region and no mention is made possible. But the ridiculous.


Page 319

 For AGP; for that.
Ophrias Jeremiah Azpihs Herodotus, who plufquam O 42 years after creation.
as well as had been in possession of the things of the temple in the land of Egypt.
O; c / ig. ] A; a cog. Georgio.io9.
Tex% * T * awto, i t $ &% Eip us] Iofephus never praised it's fated, li said.
O & bro eighth Origins, the construction of the temple had begun with a spicy lamb of Tire.
ducentefimo quadragefimam. The year in the period from the founding of the Temple Star.
3696. 2. deductus 4 of 3456 remains a year after he began to build against that.
He was feptuagefimus fextus just before Ilija destruction. Why do not niira fi.
Tire Homer did not mention that it was the tartar is still low. Squinting :.
@ Â ® ouòτούτω Σιδόα. TI and PVX ^ Aá ^^ or banana. 3. oamps @ 8ai μίμή) e Typs. I'm.
ponebantN o t ae. 29.
The priests of Hercules, Tyrij not only with Herodotus held that, from the time and with the to.
Tire enrich the answers to the questions, then bleached 2. 3oo years. Then the book.
Mention the judges' way to Sidon, Tire does not, except by chance and which becomes n lo.
was 1 x x x x 9 nsae NY t3A1 and EG Σάp, stimulate Tweyc%. However, it is proculdubioπ.
x / tveys not Tweyc. Trogus mistake writing on the condition of Tire said.
Ilija this year before its destruction. Further, when the waste is called in Hebrew x, Vt.
Also in Arabic 50 /% <?. and fa and also that it would penalties Bar. ENNIUS.
the Phoenicians Africa, said Sarah London. The Greeks, however, that dissicile li.
Chad and pronounced bone, it turned in Tau. Even China, for example Qy ^^ 2.
Tfia, they have called; and whom you silly Hifpani Chinas, precisely because there is CH, comes nearer.
to Chad Arabic. .
Tex & Rhazya " Eipouov] From trom the twelfth, as in the past.
'And sold or eleven, as in the eighth O & Origins begun to be stored.
the temple. However, from the outset, to feptimum Pygmalion Iofephus or think.
We 155. But from the beginning, Baalezer his son to feptimum Pygmalion neck.
taken for granted when they are only of the year 153. 34. He who compofiti people, of whom reigned Irom ,.
be yet many years their sakes which 137, but not 155. But it is otherwise: derive Io3 of 155, stay and do.
Test ANN1 Kingdom trom 52. »qu1 V1X1t only fifty years ago [ITCS. Why.
Iofephus the reign of years, but one of fumpfit another agent. Then derive.
this has been done for ten years, and whom I had reigned Irom the beginning of the salt, do so.
pli, will remain the foundation of the seven year centefimus vigefimus Temple at.
the flight of Elif. The year in the period from the founding of the Temple Julian 36 9 6 composer.
frankincense in one hundred twenty six year will give the absolute 382. 2, the opposite.
it was founded, fiquidem year after that, leaving ELIFE. But only.
mis it was founded in 383o. Arguing for 8 years, which is a mistake.
Solino, if any faith in private records of the Phoenicians, or the Phoenicians, if it is true gods.
tit SOLINUS. However, we see one another more closely, the one will to be absent. Command.
While Tabularia Phoenicians, Solomon began to reign in the eighth O & trom.
In fact, the beginning of the eleventh of Irom the temple, to be stored, Solomon, who was the fourth.
end. And equally tricefimo third Dauidis trom entered the kingdom. Therefore.
At first Chronic. x 1 1 1 1, 1. mention Hirami King several years before deçcf.
fùmDauidis.
* B * &% P9] ßαάβαζέpg. Georg.
Eassa. ] Ιζ. Georg.
I%'§; ] Μεθ '%. Georg.
Aaipvuos] A & pvuos. Georg. .
TaJiowajjxev 34% © E] The yaTns 1% Reg.xvi, 31, also King of Sidon :.
Hiram, the king of Zidon, when in fact they are not called at all, but of Tire. It makes no difference.
In fact, it was the king of Tire, of Sidon, to the same fashion. From the outset Baleazari to start ITho.
as the belly is taken away, the years of 5o. If the interrupt 2 years, 3 Hiromi creation of their own.
pi to his death, gathered up the foundation of the Temple, to start Ithobal or.
73. Rurfus are the foundation of the Temple, to start impij Ahab of Ifraelis ,.
are taken away, the years of 99., who was discoursing, of the year 2.6. Ithobal the 27th year running.
Ithobal any priest, was son in law of Ahab began to reign while Astarta, the king of the Tyrians,, &.
Sidonie, who died in fexto gencri been to. With such service.
•. 100 1 3 adhibeatur3 O N F L A G E N T 1000 A.
fingulorum be used in years to life and the numbering of kings, does not exist.
cenfendum any help from an error in the ratio of the times interuenifle.
BA ' "art",?;] B% e% UO. Georg.
Mávynv and] © Matyas. Georg.
Ew a] xe.Georg.
άργαλιά] The name of this scribiturii'ybana 259: JTV. NamExou5Phoeni.
the food was as Philo teaches Biblienfis. <T ttt, yheta ti "and the egg.
and g x% x%%% λεια λεγsv & W BNP. Fuorum absolutely irresistible bounty itavoca.
home: for example, in Poenulo Ythalonim, vvalonuth, that is, except y) ovxi'yTns, above ,.
Superafque. The Sifenna to the locus notauerat J4lon language Poenica be.
God. Thus the king of Tire icy assault, Alexander called Abdalonim.
pyi'yy, which ArrianusAzemilkum calls. μνγέαλίων φυσuarcuúGeorg.
E £ tJ'2 '2vy %% WA & RA] From this year, which was the seven of pygmies.
lionis, think Iofephus years Cartilage built. But it was founded.
was. First, there he was captured, his small, I fillet the quay in the port of Karthaginien £.
Confed Dido, in the place for the training, which is the citadel of the war, cine, vfa Africans ,.
that it litoreprohibebant Strabo & amp; 3; r g "g * $ * $ K $ cìt.2 as a ,.
vxoiovzEeuq) ap £ 4 from £ τα ze /? * 3%; ger7 veaavixsg IX & tigojv xvx g. KtiauaJ \ '331 As.
3.:;2;ays'ang & Tvegvzgó.

Page 320


nisantequam only the establishment of the city were committed by fupplices or obtain them by force.
And carrying richly: until the ninth day after the Pygmalion pulfer been ,.
in the year have taken possession of the place, in that which contains them, from whom they called protected, that is, of the castle.
In fact, m \, rj is άχυρωμα, the same as in the time of the Empire, and the uttermost parts of the Roman.
A 1 V vs. G But Hellenifmus BJA ez does not allow to be imposed. Why B Paz spoken to.
In the Greek physician designation to euphony modified, and caufa appeal skillfully.
Already corjjbubuli relata.Paulus Orofius li.IIII.cap. XXII. The Tower, which ,. Byrfæ nomenerat
a little more, quamduomillia miles. Appleby, Σxrtiam Jázó and '.
* £ * {}) and Parry; otv3). 7. 5è & T VP & rwtor% fixedly to, & oi ta ¢ ¢ ¢ r i ς ἐπ's a) RTA / ATZ / y.
EXTERNAL and "ow. So, too, the same thing by the Phoenicians, fillet of Gades, being in the cine, infultus.
Hifpanorum & Numi fefe muniuiflent from the place of G A 1 A 500 call.
yes, that is, that egº UA, as the Greeks down or crumble, as Solinus. For this.
snow means entirely. BJaez So, then B) Paz gods & TA is the focal Cartilage.
Squinting: Ka% P & J eared £ τι τίλν axle% w k $ Cxdxouo B Y p> A N • »άφρό ;.
i *** άς δράa, x'w \ a <} iofxovg AN. Arxquoque Moab Búpor. Deborah advice.
Imia xlT 1 1 1, 24. B: oveg even more satisfying to Ptolemy in Saudi myI. Therefore.
Boozea such as Bvvez same thing. For Hebrues repeat Bofra, and Syria.
Arab buia. B & A EZ, bjaegt. It also holds Byfræ mention Ifaiam.
XXXIV, 6: Book 1, 12. The latter Costas onto the borough, as described above.
Nen. Vicanenfi mentioned in the title of Burgos a foundation.
ÊÊ third Valens and Valentiniani Augg. confulatu. From the Burfa.
jmtinitione not a flight anddescribes port and capturing think SOLINUS years.
Κarthaginis set up by the flight Iofephus penalty. Why In periods of the year.
Hana 3 z 82, which was the seven Pygmalion, fleeing her hometown of Tire.
Iiius African havenet seized and training, in the 383o BYR.
{AmconN o t ae. 3r.
J} jam formed. This is avowedly to be had. For the error would not have been able to sever it.
•. Kings of Tire, in the matter of marking the amnorum, compared with the great religion, and the end of life and of the kingdom.
the time of the kings of the rule had been in fingulis takes place. But the story of a liter be cleansed away, from where it.
Byrfam Greek gods and so trifling with no more delay than about the story.
the citadel of the head of an ox, found out in it, which he has betrayed Justin, or a head of a horse.
ILO, what is the same and Virgil testify, wherein Kaxx ¥ £ ta gods and both were adopted.
Stephen Poenica horse head in that language meant. We know in.
Numifmata Cartilage is the oldest one part cufum "I could rtov ,.
the head of Carthage and the other on the other.
A "*"] absent in Greece. Repofuimusex Russin. rgijs elissi was his name.
The truth ends her ύτοxoe / stores. Nutricia. It is a male mn David.
As soon as F.Modij: 1) Ido was previously named Elissa diet is fed poft destruction of a penalty.
(Appellatafuit her, this woman out of $ T Punic language. Of course, the Carthaginian for a PE.
it was not to the Hebrew. The Hebraifmo ​​such means nothing to her. However.
Greek and Latin on the foreign fermone fated many preposterously comminif.
CU1I1tU1I.
Kapxy% by.] SOLINUS: Hadramyto & Karthaginiau & tor, which is a Tyropopulus.Sed.
Carthage libriprodiderunt over yet, this locoreddam. J rbemjlam as Cato the delay.
tioneSenatoria also tells us, is King Hiarbas of things in Libya and were enjoying it, Elissámulierextruxit.
Phoenix home and Karthadam said that Phænicia edge squeezes were founding. Soon.
fèrmoneverfo im the pumice, and this elissi and facing the gods & TA is whether the poft.
mosfeptingentos cut, which had been extruéla. These things he said, in which quædamfunt.
... Auetore by some alibrariis sins. In fact, what is proper, of the house of Phoenix? course.
l. it was Eliflà nations Phoenician family Tire. Neither said ,.
I DEMOSTHENES Greek family, but Demosthenes a Greek. With an.
 time is added to the house, did not at once fcquitur to have been born there. And even voice.
is added to the house of the Cities, not countries. So in an old inscription le.
I, and thence to the house of Arezzo, home Ateste, Carthage, house and home, Brescia. I do.
Preferred, Phoenician woman, Tire home city. And this is a fault.
Solini rest against their librarij. In fact, to read: 'I was fermone verfo Kar.
thages diet is fententia perfpicua destroyed the rest, interior & TA are through.
his bag, and the sciolists, although the most ancient of the error seems to be. This no doubt.
so it is. Now as to what he says of the Hadramyto, that is confirmed by the origin of the word, that is.
The Carthage entirely. T- 5 T. However, in Arabic better 100> 9 <J> tip to be.
the second letter fuperscripto, so that it becomes Hadramuth. Even so, he called his son Ie.
& Tan about the descendants of Shem, Genef. x. 26. There is, however, Pergamum ἐarawA / PA & Twg.
In fact, Mut the Carthaginians for the Pluto. Biblienfis philosophy, and μετ'ε τολυάrtes and Tyra. "
> * MS Pέας δομάδιον%> r if t%%%% from wärtz dioiseyi xg) Favrwa $ oíxus.
ά, ομαζον. Adramutum the gods and then because of the unsanitary and then oræ against which he had.
Plautus was the Acheron ojfium from $ T nofiro in the field. The Kar.
Thada what he says, it would seem, rather, to be terminated, the Syrian, rather than of one heart. Nnina n p.
or <TN * £ & NT.

Page 321


they are moving along. In Syria, merely Hebrew or near VFI are: in South Africa.
prauara, indeed, from Hebraifmo, but on a very different from the Syriac: that which we are entirely.
teaches Pocnulus Plautina. Stephen reports said xgwta value of understanding.
v. £ 4 when.
v.3? 1 N F L A G E N T A 1000.
While heart. And so, you do really is a Karthada, as Solinus writes. Also KAA>.
μέλω Eustathius wrote was called. That is completely opposite to the former.
call. In fact, this means that txxa / a /. `I understand how.
First, seized her, she τιλα} τολν imitation τῆς πλατύeyw gods.
And so, rather than on the second amplificarint, it was called veátoA / R. Also, oiy% AA ,.
Greek writers also sometimes diet. How can this be called in Punic, pof.
fet, nor does he rashly, I will, nor was there someone will have said. The Kaccaba slits diets.
And there is no denying Karthada diets. Where it is, that to contrive matters.
SOLINUS exactly? But something other than Th * ~ * ~ £ r ^ p. For the Greeks, Kapxns ,.
approximately two miles from Karthada. However, they know that another name Karthaginl.
plenissimè in addition to it. For it is not Karthada, the thing, but Chaedreanech of the common people.
Luz. Seneca Poenulo :.
1. hauoi 1000. essis what nation? , or where I come from the town ?.
A. Hanno Muthumballe be Chaedreanech.
AG Qgid said? Marcus said Hanno fefe Carthage.
Karthginienfem Muthumbalisfilium.
I do not doubt that Hadreanech. In fact, the first part is ^ vn, so that in the Adriatic.
Myton. However, the remaining expand in place Plautino. Hauoi is falutantis.
And so did the Latin fuum euacuate. for which read many books h a b e
This is from the Hebrew: now at all of one heart RVINAM are alive, aje, jylapa. But in the heat.
fonat system operator, adiicicbatur 1) om. The ipfum & detruncatuni out.
4doni. Haudoni, χαῖρε αὐειε. % Divided. Then continues :.
Hauoi grams. Marcus saving. - Also :.
aG. Salute this again, showing my words.
1. Μ Haudoni. -.
Intertio anthologies, in an epigram in the MeleagrumTyrium; • •• ;.
â% V% RWS J povs two legs, T & 0% POV 'IP; x% ,.
Ko; "Iegti pæ $ twr £ no èyrey Spic & E. .
A bit uà Σύe9 $ AAI x AAAM. to J 'eggs AU) "φοίιά ,.
AYAONIX. cij'E »», XAIPE. τ. λ 'αυτ} φe, and G :.
The most commonly available copies of letters crossed and the ratio of the fa / g for αυλ • J / ίς. AvAwk.
it is a very w scripfit & £ the poet: Not that I have so far encountered of punishment, but because it is more.
It jumps to definentiam tongue. Av%), the punishment is the same as ΣaX2a. Syria ,.
sold Greeks. Ten ■ ■ ■ eighth section of the book A. Gellij generally read Qjpß ,.
fines improperly mixed. In the old code marches writing was Eupfónes. However prosc and to.
Eudonis, on behalf of J4udonis was to write to. That Gellius punishment of man.
The word is being said, but also vfurpari Greeks. If it GELLIUS.
she thought of Greek, as by the Greeks vfurparetur, why do not you viciífim be seen.
The Carthaginians, the Carthaginian, he was in the vfu? For the inverse caufatio it. But the Greeks.
some of potuerunt vfurpare, why do the Italians at Mgarr, for the would that they had. For laymen.
 tifimi.
I
tifmi also of the Gentile is μαχα'e, has been corrupted by the uaxgeot. So what I Hifpanorum 0x.
"Magari to give the pure Arabic, that is if outdoor • 0 (5 Vt Oeus ta.
Toledo, a mere quarter of a plot language is Arabic. So the Greeks.
"G" x $ nited pure Phoenician, Oh God. -yam.
He adds Iofephus this vetustissimæ Chronologiæ Phoenecians: Zen: @ <m ,.
Στίς ἐχε ια}> * § Epáuov ßaaiXeia ;, & e. Kapxr xtiææc% G & R Pye, μ r <<%. Pre) 3.
Σελεχατά άτει τί; Epower * ßaaiXeia and Iseyavx'juoig DxO & G $ * * * o va, ;;;> e, o>% $.
#.;.,; ,,, £ vo tôaçãxe, Kapxrj IG © xtiato ****** * re * E * S * g weapons, "J, E and Z '.
However, supra disclosed thirty four years ago when he Io3 compofito to 147.
O & O miìenfibus, from Rome, the feptimum year Pygmalion. the DC ,.
be evacuated, & tis ten shillings, after that you shall grow dark, to be stored the temple »have been so far.
from the foundation of the temple was one hundred and twenty-five years, to avoidance of Elif. Why.
Iofephus other hand, in the writing. Qgod oétauo books are compiled.
said vndecinio completely covered in Rome, this is the twelfth day of the foundation is.
& TA do not think it was a mistake, while recognizing each reading a russina, Fed.
I trom the eleventh year of the timber mififle twelfth foundation.
cemplum cast.
A5za Φουάαν α} </ e}] This is also excellent> * a * u * tion Iofe.
Phi diligence dcbet. to the epoch in which there is nothing more certain than inItiJ NABUCHODON.
Iorio detecting, so that the benefits of all that I learned from Jerof.
mouse, icir allowed to help end berof.
The E32 ^ 29] So write, not © @ & Ax, as it is likely to last.
end, which is the error is acknowledged by the Russin, when in fact it is well in the books of Origins.
Let E and 4%, not © â € αλ ©. So that was the nickname King of SI.
the son, who was of Ahab, king of Samaria, Foce. But by the end of Pygmalion where.
definit`Menander to Ithobal the beginning of this period is, the year Du.
<Smiling forty nine.
Eroxiipxra * NA% g% yfiaregc] Nabopollassat year oétauo command.
I heard Phoenecians rebellion forth her government had rcgio talent.
force sent to the army in the Phoenician Tire continually hold them, as we do.
"Calmed berof. In tricefimo Nabopollassari, Nabuchodonofor captured.


Page 322


your father representative, according to the same berof. So thirteen years fubigendæ contracted.
choice and the attack Tire Impenfis and which to Cenfuales unknown.
bear right at the beginning. Again the kingdom Baal, Ithobal fuccefs.
takes place, to the thirteenth year of Irom of the fertility, but are thought to be thirty years.
'Que, menfes three. Iofephus, however, from the iifdem 'Chronicles' records, from the beginning. Ithobal ,.
trom productive to the thirteenth year, brings together the age of fifty.
thriving, menfes three. Ithobal the age of ninety eight pieces. about.
<Derive fifty four to thirty five and thirteen, to whom.
had been attacked and off from Tire, and there remains, and the year fept you run, Ithobal, in which the Tire.
assaulted grow dark. Trom he starts again in the thirteenth year of Cyrus ,.
That is, in Nabonassari centefimo oétagefimo week, which is the first year.
Finish Empire, Cyrus the mouse with the authorities. Launching fifty.
four years of solid 1 year 8 8. Nabonassari remains a year of Na.
bonaflari centefimus trigefimus the fourteenth in which he began to reign, Ircmus. Therefore.
centefimus.
• 3 4 1 N F L A G E N T 1000 A.
centefimus quadragefimus Nabonassari of the seven current Rome, where cæ.
PTA was attacked herself. The attack was begun for the first year of Nebuchadnezzar.
nofori of the expedition of the Syriac, as it teaches berof. Centefimus of the year.
dragefimüs Nabonassari the first campaign Syriacæ Nabuchodonofori ,.
as had previously been gathered from the Jerof. Confenfus Jerof therefore surprised by the Board.
Phoenecians circumstances and vtrorumque with facris letters. place of which, what is more acceptable efTe.
Studiofis to be so outstanding? People may think, therefore, that more ancient epochs.
establishing and feptuaginta years of slavery grab Sedekia suppose that CY.
Rum nine years after the death fuum CDI & ta fa shelter from the world below. By virtue.
yes & Jews who were unfit to secure tricefimo year, of which mention is made of.
At the beginning of the first book Ezekielem think it is from the Book of innovation or treat.
triceßmum be shouting, which was VICEF abundant joy. For whether it was.
2. Let 9a less Dedu tis 4 and 7, remain after 855 years, that is, let us hopelessly.
been solved and feptemdecim, of the year of the tenth, the twenty-eighth of him who runs, two the day of Jubilee. It.
Sedekiæ a111nU1S are taken and the matter, which was of the Sabbath, as foretold by Jeremiah, • is, I say, out of the.
So was rat VICEF O & Jubilee eighteenth. And so we read in the Ezekie.
applying the cap. x XIX, 17. vicefimo feptimo year, (menfe) in the first menfisfù.
& Ium EF} t word to me) it. He was the tenth Sedekiae that was initially eiufdem.
head. Of course, if vndecimus Sedekiae was a 28 year Jubilee 'So it was nine.
VICEF seventh. Why VICEF fept, and the year, of which mention is made here ,.
O & taui tenth day of Jubilee is not the Nabuchodonofori as crassly lu.
"DAEI. How fourteen years Sedekiæ could be VICEF feptem Na.
buchodonofori, who was the tenth, there was so much oétauus? nothing like that in.
, Hebrew, Chaldee, where he began to write, Ezekiel, when he has left Nabopollassàri, it is not had already been sealed.
on his expedition to Syria were thought to be the years of Nabuchodonofori »but of the death of Nebo.
pollassàri. When the Nabuchodonofori thirteenth year of experience.
ílitione Syrian efTe tricefimo, Ezekiel told of a king, why each year.
So was cimum O & eiufdem Nabuchodonofori can not be said that tricefimo.
as well as eiufdem of the king, unless the king had already died long ago in the Tricefimo that he, to himself are annos :.
Accordingly, it was the fextus Nabuchodonofori, the fifth fomnio to its "cut.
Mention the right, Daniel. 2, I. - From this we conclude that not only is 7.
Jubilee year, but also between Jews and foreigners are celebrating the jubilee for.
shore, because the haetenus on doing so; against the temerity of unlearned men ", who do not.
They deny that the banishment of Jews in the years of the sabbatical to have kept it, and, therefore, his adversaries.
fus fententiam doétiorum, who deny that the Jews would ever let us joyfully sing to have kept it ,.
Because of the books in facris no traces. But the two, and we fall together.
scaping of it, who are not so long ago, we were in the same haerefibus. Place, therefore, he Eze.
Kiel haetenus the understanding that no bright torch SHINE time intervals.
Rum, thus shifting the mouth so persistence. To deny them for the week.
cos, whom they now practice it are the Jews, to be the true of the Sabbath through, and also to deny that which they are.
which feptimum the day of, they cease from the work, which we see today, efle true fabbata. However.
no hiding place inscitiæ fuse itself. So circumfepti ranging testimony.
facras nightmares such as secular authors such services.
Eroxiâpxrat Na %% 9% yázzeg; τω Twe9] Ifaiam xx 1 1 1, threatens destruction.
Tire eiufque appalling fpatium defined feptuaginta years. That out.
be understood in the siege of this, there is no doubt. Feptuagefimus year of course attacked.
gnationisN TA 3 O 5.
Shortly after the families of Tire sub Nabuchodonoforo defines the times and avoid ti na.
bonidi, I doubt not it is to be understood, of whom it efle with Ifaiam. For almost harsh.
uitute overwhelmed by the whole of Syria, Phenicia and Palæstina, under the rule BABY.
lonico, for example, the prediction vicefimo fifth, vicefimo fexto, vicefimo be.
ptimo, vicefimo eighth. Then the freedom & Tire & unknown.


Page 323


Tranflator tried to Cyrus. This will undoubtedly be accepted by Ifaiam.
An attack on another Inulla Tire »and a change of luck after Ifaiam ,.
Beyond this, which suffered under Nabuchodonoforo. Therefore understanding of that.
claiming..
Freed ae /% & G.] HGC fuppleuimus of russina by writers Jara cu11.
u fruit rarely end indignation read. Ithobal nouemde eight years.
Cim. The third was captured after ten years as starting attacked.
gnari. Accordingly feptimo year began the assault. Also, the Iofephus.
curatissimus's been the thirteenth year old and worn out ,.
x. Origins Jewish g) AOX $% ^ & τὸ λευτέρα δ 'peace 2% (£' s.
... russina) uruo and the τύτω τὰ θαοιλζως acid (% e% woaieov) & $ t and egτ ;.
C, qijc Ijjx 2% ** e 4oyixrjs Braze / as, ßaoiX & άτι έ δ); êroxiäpxna Twey * e.
t ry, 3ασιλέοντα κατ 'ἐκεῖον% xge} E x% of the VFI%; Tvegv. .
E., Axs%, Baaz gew] The name is written at the end of yayy doubt, knä.
Baal said, that the Kay, £ .2o; Lcgend is done, it is not exy% αλος. Y = KYA is, that we ought to follow.
Canaan is iyya. Philo Byblienfis: o ¢ c i e ioieo? You and »and to gauu, & pe **; Jex.
O3; EE & K * op "μετονομα & ότος φοήx93. Canaan was the father of Sidon, of course, is to be, from which if you.
donijs a SidoniisTyrij and the unknown. Genefis of x, 15. But, Justin, from the Tro.
$ O Sidon, called the richness of the fish, which, as we said, the Phoenicians píf.
as dicae. Clearly, the truth is, the word designated fishing, but false, it has to be.
caufam of Sidon. Hence, Philo Byblienfis: * E% οις δ 'ῦτος, τολλοῖς> & τὸ ἐς.
$ ΎJ8egy. *) W »«? jyáôÜ, A9eâa. $ Aλία τὰς ἐλείας έ a5geia and pen 3% and x "£% * A ,.
Aygar / x @ 3% Aλιάς. Thus, in Hebrew, thought to produce & cribi Fivy example, if n mºjin * ■ vj.
Siny isy from £ Ann £ Eliot became Said & SIDON, which is why the gods & ti Sidons and Sidonij. For.
Sidonis accused and the fishing and hunting also. Saidan and Sidon.
Syrian and other Arab and the other Jewish. However, other gods.
cit> t. 3 TI $ £ * &%) ΣΙΣ, ό καθ '' z% xta £ 3 "way op and M & * $ Wwoy kind of casting. Yes.
do not meet agreed. Then there words Jerome Ezekiel: In the Hebrew language.
veriuspofitum is to say, vniuerfam Sidonij, whom we believed to vematores, bending forward, according to the statement, which they have made.
ptum is as my plans, ficutpassers delaqueo venantium.pro which in Hebrew Po.
EFL has happened in Sidon. However, in Pfalmos C x x 1 1 1 1 7, which will take place.
BAE is intended that to Jerome's 1 500 O N 1 1000 can not read, but VPI.
"Auceps. However, we see the Sidonians, also for the case of hunters, a column of smoke, so that among the Phi.
Byblienfem builder. But back to the. Canaan is so rich in the.
whether Cefifuales pea ETa'e, $ qoiw as the nephew AHARM.
end. But then he noted the tips Pra's vocals, as well SEPT.
read seem doomed. For tips buzz was found that the newness MA.
'Strongly.
Bavagy] Magzeg recognize the NYP. No doubt that is true. For.
In vetcrum book is to be prosecuted for any dissercntia P (g. & 47. Qgod ​​name of the heart.
ruptuna36 1 N F L A G 1000 E N T A. • ,.
skull comes from that very russina shows the ratio le & diuerfa.
10 x £ € ¢] think> '>, so it becomes surname son Iephunne.
MJtysyg] jisxTnae. t • _ e v. / «I e i • #.
Teegq2 & RG] R nnjy £ 3 ^ * o g r y © But ptrg. 0 zzya, fruit. elius Trejo.
<A (3 ;, for example, Arian, where he is the king of Arad.
** met w! Zyto Mip $ O and τχς BA £ vxajg] Local noticeable. Why keep £.
There were king? Because stipendiarij of Babylon, they were, and not from.
restored to life they were able to receive the King of feathers, save him whom the Lord, the Chaldeans to the Victoria & im.
claimed. Tire feruitutem see clearly set forth by the Ifaiam xx 1 1 1 no.
only, of Tire, but also of the whole of Syria. Matt prediction of 1: 1, 6, 7.
1000, £ £% Dy] y = p compofito name of the former member of the Chaldean and.
Phœnician back. In the former he alludes to the founding, in which the high all. back in.
land of my birth, or at least from which he was descended. NB merely Chaldaici idiotifmi it. If.
gnificat Lord. Today, it is frequently the edge of Babylon to.
aad thus the front teeth, and, as it were, choir, May Apo.
stolos call, Jan Markos, Mar Phetros, the Mark, the PE.
trust. Marcus for which we say progressive, progressive, Peter. For jSo it.
Jaattno, or xöeig, has been corrupted from the 1; so, in the former derive from a He.
Stacy rmnib. Philo, in Flaccus, and SSA% of% ς έκτος Mac "> TX & ou);". §ra ;.
Σε φωστι τί Kyewy άομαζε2Sa z%. Σύαοις. Then Mapy? So at or la, ISO.
The image Gazenfium, which in the history of Ecclefiastica. , Which is that Jeg.
aJ% TW, as the Poet zzτ ?? j) pa, ie, Jupiter. .
Oh avwtw; Xe% V9 άτη τεττ} ωτ τία out] pick, said Iofephus out.
Phceniciacis Cenfualibus from the beginning Ithobal to tcrtiumdecimum Rome, or.
if 51 1 1 1, menfes three. In the first year of 188. About Nabonassari epoch.
du & fifty four tie has been completed, pending Nabonassàri 134 the first year.
Ithobal Kingdom mouse. Accordingly, it is 14o Nabonaflàri fept Ithobal, which there is.
And the first Nabuchodonofori, and confequenter 152 Nabonassari is tertiusde.
The attacker control grade Tire tricefimus Nabopollassàri »I & yourfcif.
Nabuchodonofor dead father triumphantly entered Babylon to the PA.


Page 324


Ezekiel. "See how well things cohere, and how auij true nature.
of the times they are carried, there are those who at other times of the history of the temple profane the epochas of fiction, v t.
which came in the annals of the nation, private records and histories that request it.
in reality, of the things for posterity to mockery with empty conieéturis rumors.
buerint. .
E £% "• £%] To this point, nothing is corrupt fuccurrit Russin. Vetustifïï.
mum is a fault. However, it Iofephus scripfisse history ipfa cries: £ aa.
5% άτει τ%; E% Z %% ßασιλεύς Na®938 / 6Gaco £ sto ;; πολέopxó Tveor. Tarsexi.
x £ VA J ἐττι τχς Eipouov KJe9s as a Péhanc regtss% ελαςer. Of course, do not feptimo JIl1mO.
I was Nabuchodonofor and He began to attack the kingdom of Tire, the bestower. for it is not marked by such interests are concerned ,.
Ithobal museums and fed on it. From what we have touched above the clear feptimo year.
Ithobal Tire was attacked after starting vicefimo seeks the overthrow fuifle.
Julian was taken from the waste Nabuchodonoforo year period 4n8, a con.
ing it to its Tire, 663 years, 264 years, however, before again from A.
1exandro be defeated "with which the case has received Less than sub Nabucho.
donoforo. \ n o t AE. 3 ".
J.
doncforo. And this Tire Nabuchodonofori about the thirteenth year.
warriors. For the nineteenth year of Nabuchodonofori, which was vndecimus itself.
Deki, for Tire, Ezekiel comfort himself, purposing the destruction of the work of some other horrible thing eiufdem Na.
buchodonofori, in that of the city shall be left to such a degree that, indeed, not a trace, nor of.
A rare restored. Div. x r 1, 1 4, 19. It is entirely unknown to us.
For when there is a Tire had been destroyed, it becomes much that there is in it, was spared by a trace? Where.
way he never was to be established, which can in no time, or not to the strong.
ma, the most considerable of, populofissima have been found? At least under Darius Nothus prosperity.
MA was. Zachary 1 x 3. What do I in Alexander? What sub.
The Romans, præfertim under, Severus? Look for damages on the money. Also see.
Strabo who, upon Quintus Curtius, who was by other men. I prefer to admit they do not know how.
unmanned, cones and incense oxlauayó. Haetenus Archie Phoeniciaca, most of whom.
We have learned from the beginning of the expedition Syriacæ Nabuchodonofori to start.
monarchiæ complete Cyrus interval of forty years O & cfter to. It is not.
dissicile it would have been forty eight years, think back to the beginning of the year ,.
Nabuchodonofbri to the beginning, and the fourth year Ioiakimi king of.
not arrive, it tametfi Jerof not have led us to this, co. Why is a sure fit.
Áes this Chronologiæ Phœniciacæ and the recent mendofa of Epo.
Cha Nabuchodonofori assertion.
Topq / EAG] This piece is unjust Christian name.
Accordingly, a Phoeniciaca appofuimus because of a very old Phceniciacarum things.
Rum writer Sanchoniathone matters. If you pick the fruit is not the end.
Σa; gu / "% A,] Sanchoniathonis Berytij Phoeniciacas origins of talk.
In Phenicia, and attracted the attention of the Greek Philo, Byblienfis, and a writer of very ripe, that.
"Woe to the books of nine.
2. C ;. ISESI%] "y = y. .
e) <$ <£ 1 ey o] r Ω iey in liters is equal to four plates, whereupon.
is said to be άομα τετ € a9gauuaToy, but not vowel-points, which it is well marked with the of the.
bet. For example, those points are of childbearing moderate and TI do not know. Where.
For do I now esserendum was, that they were free to conceive to no one, save only to the Bishop of Rome.
the greatest sin, and this is the tenth of the tifrum, and indeed an & àyioig. Philo is Mofis: 2ev.
avj and 8 * I (and XO, Dawa qἐφως · άόμεργέτω vifa EZ "e ¢ * * VOA, δόμα *, § λοις.
τίς δα? • yxaJfa, Goigs. xsxy% αρέδύοις% εσύει us, λόur C, zybio, άλα J'savit ;.
"; Xàv §jauod%. So nin "I was read. Seventy-K and radiation.
erg interpret. The name has not read the first chapter Gcnefeos ,.
Elohim, but @e) ;. But in the case with the fertile rnin xleug. Argue, therefore, on the one side they are.
Tertullian, & one of the old, the Lord God, that was not first to have been ,.
which Adam, by I exclude it would be. But it is also common to gods, Elohim, gen.
components. However, RIM, which Kveu9 Greek interpreter, is the proper one.
Of the living. You see, she gave birth to what is ignorance of Hebraifmi. Those who laugh at them ,.
In one, I did read, and think that the recent practice of induétum ho.
Dierna Jews a pleasure, they do not merit, with which the refpondcatur. nin Aouaer RA.
Σπος means Philo the same place, and indeed RC & you. Today, the name.
Kippurim of the day in synagogues customarily expressed in summa hanging.
do not. The intended: Vijai rnyºpa * ianpa Eyri ns, n is vnpra.
Imfâmétuariopronunciant O N N E 1000 through / cripturam his invrbe autempercognomen it.
The pla58 1 d N F L A G E N T 1000 A.
The same thing he says that Philo. Scripturamvocat four letters in his surname.
men might, Elohim. But back to the Phoenicians out of the appeal.
and they go a Hebrew, one of confentientes. If Theodoreto believed Samaritan pronounced.
La sufficient for a £). In quasi or rvir, ό ά. Tetragrammato then call them, no.
It teaches also that, indeed, alijido, so that an Orpheus, an & Diodorusli. 2. aÆ§25 Gig Ig Nascica MA.
O & ύ τ) IA £ £% v ZS and voy®®. Others £, alijaliterenunciabant. However, it may be.
part of the spoken Greek opinion expressed by some that the seat ;.
x% of peez £ καθ 'άαςυ ἐυ Θεὸ ἐάαχιφάω.
Also auetor epigrammatij :.
She qyariara ©% as the μάγαν ἄφ%} i ^ y Oji.
Teguuzzz 7%? Jvov augur G ratiez.


Page 325

 Avpai. "
Hpuootiuto jinst 8eyyioio μ? N.
For the seven vowels can conceive of no speech from the HOA 1 e ro ,.
Sam Rin, yourfcif estDeus, ό ά. So did the Hebrews. It can otherwise iifdem.
spoken woven cuiufmodi saw marks on gems incifis letters Grgcis, Fed.
tetragrammation that diuerfa to be alluderent. Eægemmæ are Bäßlidia.
norumhæreticorum with fue Deo ABPA2AC A. Q & ValentinianorumA.
IPossunt έφάφωκατε, however, it is not devocalibusfedde quibufuis letters of the council. For.
Iofephus four letters of the nin calls τίτ @ Perez qois .... Siéidem.,.
raculum Magus king calls τάς άαφ% ss ßaoix £ o. For B.G., ' ",.
of the seven letters. Thus, when> Ajazzo the seven letters proven to be seen whether the po +.
rather it is one that the Auetore epigrammatij by άφωλεύ (, is suggested. Conito.
The Phoenicians fermone the principles not only popular but also quibufdam arcanisnomini.
When the bus religious burdens confenfisse. So iíy JKC. They were equal to God, too.
some of them also of the Gods unuegíuos, that is, the Jave; this. E'ping ^ estaj £ g9w. Su.
Perna. This Memrumi brother was in Gaza, said in Phil Byblienfis, 3. av £ Carta, ~ f.
azvzt, zpo / IO, and Jepugτο, δ i% vaeαυλαθὰ 9we / ar, όρα. Obviously deprauarunt.
Efau history that the body hirfutuserat. Namgow} :, fiueg., Is ivV, Efau. Analytically.
Moreover, Philo and ἐλαάμ quofdam recenfentur interillos Phoenician gods. Write. "J", Oi.
ό συμιαρ Ιλευ Κe * $$ Exoajw soil \ £ 6 '. Adding idemquendam etiamDeum Phot.
 • »1.
codification and reduced flue a3g6t? calling. But we are, as it turns TAW and Ga, either.
<3gát'a. In the same number, indeed, iifdemq; nomenDei letters written, how many and where.
The field of: fedpun and o, a vowel and the other is distinguished from another; you only. * IU of God.
that either of the term. But πῦ is a'ye} :, a & ^ 1 nm for JTG as Threnorum.
my Lord, whom shall he wrongly AVE & Pfalmi xcr ag} 1. Therefore, the people, or dyegto,.
calls, he says, essevnum of the gods, of whom I More especially, they should fear the Byblienfes of the people was at stake..
•: / <; ] I \ • w.
8. A 33awoy £ iyoq μαλα ατέασμιον e Vdl0V ζευ) rooeyjuevo CAE qºoijíkn z% 5% By λίοις &% from> "n. ~ O i.
I prepare% from \ 6 μέγιος όομαζετι. That was in the house Portatili circunferretur ,.
thus sketched out from the ark of the covenant, which I have experienced the evil of fuo are to Phoenicians.
ces and Gaza. For it is clear these steps to obscure the truth.
 V \ \ V.
sloria V 1 cap.I.Samuel. So Iofephus * oxoy / O ovpw * / yoqvô (μεταφέeju £} and z.
vov ya) calls. And then the same thing can be said about the box. Also Ma% A waiter / or »x £.
τω ride, the author Macrobius qui est idem God does this. But clear how.

While inN o t ae. 39.
'0.
i.
Question
.
3.
while U and V $ prevent mistaken Philo, thus also of Dagon. For writes.
from $ Y2g £ d. 5 6 Ojegyös tJ τέ ττ'§; Px® = "a%" You ae}; χαμα τίω 2 * q) ta3.
TT, Xg, and tolerate E% by & ti; zzj%} IAoy, τὸ Kejor x% x% Bátvxov x% AA% »άς.
31> a », No. Atzgrz. In fact, one thing should be made a Aa52), and another to μν ἀος corn for food.
then. For Dagon that Jews may also relate sculpebatur the form of fish, (vi.
indicating fish), but we know TTO) Aepxeta Syrian Beam (which.
Syrian Atergatis, for which there is in Syria Atergation, 1 1 macabre. 1 x 1, 2, 6).
carved out an unusual, fuperne woman, beneath the fish. * $ Better, therefore, A4,2,4 ,.
Iχυδα which rose to practice. A. Now it's. g4tvX, however, Alice, about to.
And it is better described ßajtvx. Thus, they called the Gods, whom they fpecie of the stone book: worship.
vetoes. Philo Byblienfis: Ett άπενέnae 3%; Ojegyè; Bartvxia, λέot; άμφάet; μη.
2a / g row. , All of which are clearly out of the history of the stone, evil, whom he wishes.
Of Jacob, vnxit, & posuit in the place, who dictus Beth-el. Genef. Matt 1 1 1, 18, 13.
Hebrues over the place, unless> sn * P * A eipei J £ '; nains Nye mnry ie Hwy A8.
nn * unless> y% pn? fyyya nvyy $% ^ u, v p sºns. completely explain this..
The Canaanites are the Hebrew language pure vtebantur from the beginning. Here counterfeits.
Poeta? ßajtvzov they call the stone that he had wrapped in swaddling clothes for the son of Saturn.
devoured. And so the proverb x} ßajtvxs a * "*% iooi. But the smoke.
and called for their A3a3 of all of the gods, which Macrobius has it, is that Hadad did. Byblien philosophy.
f: Agtiptm £ 5 u, x% Zek Anuaest sign, and A & Gaoix; 5vo and oixevo ,.
πίς2e. Macrobius: (God for quemfummum highest honor Hadad, no.
The steps given. His name means interpretation v N v s. This, then, that £ salads.
offal adore 1) it. And even this was in clear outline of the truth: when we so often totief.
say that God must be a Hebrew v N v M. Akad. Ifaiam sixty i 17 :.
Luiirantur to be purified and gardens set V N V 1000 in the middle. Jews are interpreted.
ing far in another manner, and Tri $, which is v N V s, rash c6na.
You are favored for nus, saying that from what has been written in another, and another.
circulation. And so, the pool, I do not know how, here fomniant. Senft is unreserved.
müs: februationes & lustrationes flue idols to be made to him, to God, to him for a god.
they would call a h A 500, that is, v N v 1000, and that in the midst of the garden, and a that waited on him.
idol said in opisthodomo Temple, the Temple fubintelligendum ,.
Set temple Abad. For Praepofitie Ύ8, a manner in which the Prophet, it is local ,.
This might also be accepted from among Jews and Jonathan turns NNA, #is.


Page 326


Consequently wont to. There is no doubt that this is true is that local interpreter.
tion. But since Saturn boys sacrificed, it should be noted ipfum Saturn.
on the Phoenicians it was known with the surname of that not in one. Cities in quibufdam.
I was 9. In other Iaeg A. Melki among others, to be broadcast on facris Litc.
side. All in all, however, Tyrij thereof, a star, or abstained, A significant number of the room
custom v, 26. But another star confecrauerunt to keep you $ | 97rwv% flue.
And the patient; And the City. Byblienfis philosophy: Get $ 35 Astiptn Si Te Te ijia a.
xí ßaaiXeia; zapdamuor x € m) Axtar) gvegg. τέevosvdaz out of 5 τι} oixovuãto ejper a g.
** agez time, o ^ AK Swain & Túpala τῆ ἀγία to wet the qiipoaw. There is, however, whom he wishes.
Ἐωσχόpoy Greek, Latin star, called Ifaiam fourteenth »1 2. said.
¬Tg 12 - in ίοαράpg ῦς τῆς Hάς, and in the same head Ifaiam vfurpatur resign.
πετῆς ἀςτρ proucrbialiter. . . •.
£ 4 Q 'Byhig.] 4. In 1000 F O R A G E N T A.

Oh, B.! Upright. ] What might be called in facris letters and Beirut, not late.
I could swim. Phoenix and is still pure, that is, Hebrew, nnina.
How is some room Ezekielem xlv 11,16. quodnomen was not up to a fan.
Shrines and Phoenicians. Idehim ESTs ^ p86. Philo Byblienfis "®) * $% 8% ετυ EX13 ,.
xzx% w </ G>. ί'στς E% λάa.Ae to show Byegy%. Nonnus, Beroe the Romans Beryton the gods.
ci toys. However, neither the names of the Byblumfuo facris books can be given.
mouse. Jerome Gobel more afraid to be called. In this argument? Therefore Gy.
blos not Byblos to be heard. But "AIA potiusnomen would be true with respect to B £ Ay.
the ribs. Or else it can be. But why this diet, by whom and when it is not.
We can say. / /.
Cai 3i & TW xejoi e • ** & TPAI] Ierombal this, fine Irombaal older.
Sanchoniathone. Sanchoniathon For he received from him, then this man is handed down. However this.
Irombaal said hicvixisse of tartar Mofis and Trojan. ErgoSanchonia.
thon newer Mofaico tartar. . .
H ''? jiixla "%" G "αύτψt;] VtSanchoniathonem very old test ,.
equal to fgculo of Semiramis, he said, Semiramis, however, antiquioremfgculoTro.
hand arch, autfaltcm equal to: Therefore, Sanchoniathon estantiquior, or equal to the fgcu.
Trojan lo and proindeantiquißimus, quiaTroica grasp. However yourfcif Sancho.
niathon of Tire, Philo of Byblienfem has been established, as a thing of the most ancient.
supreme power. Tire was founded 76 years before Ilijexcidium. So how much.
Sanchoniathon inferior tartar Trojan, to 76 or the year before Ilijexcidium.
tiquissimo is it? The words of Philo, δύο φησί (> y; Oriya% ov) oixiav, tvega, xaXvGa you.
¥ * *> * &% xaxaasy Oy. However, it fæculumSemiramidis cumTroicis loser.
the ravages of time, he compares, by far the more absurd than this, & Porphyry, most humble one. Ipfaenim salt.
iemannis the destruction of a thousand Ilijantecessit. This was demonstrated. In Greece.
All of the books imperiorumantiquißimum assyriacarum, whose fedes in the City.
Minus race. Nini founder productive overcome, employing. Genefeos x, 11. sedges.
If Chaldgi & Nini, named after the founder of the Persian Together flight was writing. Yes.
fiueNinus Chaldgos that bears fruit, fine Ashur productive Hebrgos, it was first.
The King of Afiyriæ, who are from the Indus River to the ends of the Lybian sea, took possession of things is widely done as follows: from the Wetting the reality.
gnats, vfqueadSardanapalum, quemtricefimum a Nino fuifle writes Ctefias and.
After Ctefiam Diodorus. Nini, both from the beginning to the end Sardanapalis, 136o years.
suppose. DeincepsMedi Arbacer from the beginning, the beginning of the Cyaxaris, which Ctefias Af.
Thibari, when the Assyrians had conquered 242 years. From the outset Nini ,.
Cyaxaris at the beginning of the year funtprgcife i6o2. Cyaxares entered imperiumMedorum.
37. what is collected is of Olympias, who, from of the seasons with the annofecundo.
Herodotus and diferte reveal at Eufebius. Cyaxaris then start with.
furgit periods of the year 4o83 Julian was evacuated, of which £ 5 O 16 tie. solids from wrong.
Nini action at the start of Cyaxaris stays Nini answered in the first year.
»1 48 in the period Juliana. Aristotle wrote back again Callisthenem vitima.
Chaldaicarum the antiquity of the year was captured by Alexandra of.
millefimi account was noningentefimum third season at Babylon.
Rum. Babylon is in a period of Julian tie 1902 and 4383. Dedu absolute.
ris, there remains a Julian, the periods of the year of 2481, we have said it was the first one that we already.
Nini from the beginning. Calculate the years, the vtebantur Chaldean plan.
the first year of the reign of Ninus, it is not through Nimrod, being in time past have thought that. The Fane.
Chaldæi2.
N o t £. 4I.
:.
i.I.
Babylon, the ancient Assyrian empire, or a more ancient king Nino.
worth mentioning, they could not, from him, the years of the care of the right of thought, in which the other of the anti.
very remote and not they knew. But it is impossible for the end of any cases iven the country.
antiquity is of ancient times, fuorum return to their epoch. Was the world's i7i7.
Blow Zygon 5.7. 28, October xx. Blow Krion V 1 1 1 April.
Therefore v 1 1 1 April is a very old Neuruz Chaldaicum. And so, four.
EXO, ezzgeog. kabet χ {αee »* Athenienfis in a 1 v 1, January, laevis Sept.
"The first day in a 1 v 1, April 1,% Ewo Elidenfium the V 1 1 1 July, wetvtwew ?, Mace.


Page 327


G, starting from the beginning of the reign of Ninus all things in the letter is the same, to the beginning of the Nabonassari, of the year Ä.
1486, which are made Neuruz twelve and thirteen of the 46 years beyond that.
Neuruz Athens, which correspond to the aeeewztzatos for eleven years.
gyptiaco uniform, which derive from the O & Taua April, left in force.
cefima 'eighth day of March Neuruz Nabonaflàri. The horsemen then the radiation and O.
rientalis vñ are under the name of the Neuruz Harirathi. Paophi first new moon of the year.
NABONASSAR appropriate for me as of March 28, that is, when he himself are Neuruz civil ,.
where also it was the new moon, Neuruz Chaldaici. And that there will doubtless be less.
Dodecaeteridas begin. For the principle of the Ram and Art.
mifii Chaldaie. For Abydenus daef productive menfem Chaldaei.
When making a deluge. It was the first Artemifia. For this year Sept.
from the Hyperberetaeus Alexandreus there is no investigation of the Jews, but from the Artemifio.
And hence the lower branch of Alexandria sex menfibus as Jewish cities. This is.
the reason, why he does not seem to enter by the same anao Epocha with Julian the Chaldean.
For Fane start feptimo menfe Alexandria, but non'ab same year Iuliano.
This warn, because we have not yet been clearly proved that this was about.
Chaldaico and the fifth book in the ongoing difputaremus. , One must also infinite beauty.
it belonged to the epoch in the keeping of the book, the fifth since the diluuij of splendid thing.
And so, we advise you to give you Leétorem, as a Chaldean epoch in the reign of Ninus him to forgo the.
rat. We have got back, therefore, the cause of the old æræ Chaldaicæ, which he makes mention louder than a rooster.
sthenes with the simple, and later on defitu is to say, as it appears, for the sake of the institution.
in the end of the grace of the new Neuruz Nabonassari, who seems to be the first of the yoke, to the Mede.
Rum, the Assyrian rule, to shake off. This woman was Nini Semlramis ,.
Ctefias for example, and have him DIODORUS, and Cord scripferunt, and others would say ,.
fexaginta more than two years and spent two and forty ruled ,.
Ctefias with Diodorus to be the same thing does not matter. But the time had come over these.Ninus ,.
was omitted from both. Eufebius attributes fifty two years. However.
mendofissima of it is the computation of the, as they do from the beginning of the reign of Ninus, the end of the Sardana.
Pali, only the year 1218. Since then he thinks declaring that Semiramis.
equal to times more remote than it escapes reason here to collect.
one may conclude, from the beginning of the reign of Ninus, for the destruction of the Trojan, and including the interval is made, of the year 1o5o.
he should be altogether a thousand years has intervened should be omitted at the beginning of the reign of Ninus, to the bride at Troy. But long.
Hērodotum the Pre * £ $ yda; the difference between Semiramis and Nitocrim wife.
Nabuchodonofori, fine Laboniti, with a rudder command that holds her husband.
lived amongst wild beasts dwelling in it, & the most beautiful in the deeds of Babylon, over-cultivates, all things.
is rightly attributes to the strength given him by Herodotus, Diodorus, had enrolled, wrongly SEMIRAMIDIS 3l.
ized. However, five of tartar, and that the Semiramis Nitocrin between.
 d conflicts 3, 4 2 1 N F L A G E N T 1000 A.
conflicts of Herodotus, we can not digest: præfertim with three hundred years.
Μέa%; precisely. And so, in this way, not in their integrity between the 167 years before present in the Semi.
ramidem & Nitocrin That Fane, not only with the truth, but with the mind Hero.
as dowry fights the man who from the preceeding,.
What matters præmifit assyriacarum and integrity.
makes, the greater the number of LEES OF WINE felonge was pointing out. As the post.
Assyrij than twenty-five years in the possession of the fuperiore Asia ,.
Media finally defected from them, and when άομελ & οι with some tartar vixif.
sent, finally fell into the traps of the crafty Deioco the first tyranny.
Media inuafit. Cyaxaris of this great-grandson of the son of Astyages was at the same time.
The Medes ruled over the ten, in which the Nitocris on the Chaldeans. En 5zo years, Assyrians, and.
Media ęκαῖας a long time, and also, the time Each store.
Cis Phraortes, Cyaxaris and Astyagis. This time exceeds Tyra yes ;, it.
is 17 years old. Proscéto Herodotus was not a mistake, but vetustissim.
Us and long.
prescription, admitted πάτε γέας for πεντήκω (and who are PLUP year.
more than 1 6 6 6, fiquidem three hundred years% AA) are contained. He indeed.
from the uttermost parts of the year in the time of Nabuchodonof.
definünt reckoned back against the loser.
So, to its Nini. It is therefore scarcely to be doubted,, rr #zor, for the rat. Hero.
scripfisse endowments. They are vetustissimæ fault copiests.
; cuiufmodi it is not.
Iofephus, overflow into the whole in a few words, it is not long before he was LEES OF WINE Iofephus fubortis. Ee.
ce fimile error in Diodorus-year rule seized the Cyaxares (.
feptimi part for the second Olympiad, which was still tricefinia feptimi. '3'.
jè τ) 3 & T regor ζς%; EZ? axgu% "% by TNS Oλυαττάλς I'eau%» ßaaiXea; ^ And z MiII ,.
Κva% of ς} Xa0 He} * •%). It is not fenta Herodotus definiuisse settle any Olympic Games.
grant, we Olympias, who had a definite of aire, or a year; but this can be gathered from the writings of Herodotus ,.
He attributed the Astyagi 35 years, which is clearly captured by Cyrus annos evergreen C.
lympiadis quinquagefimo sixth, that is, 221 years Iphis of which evacuated.
ctis 35 Astyagis and 4 or Cyaxaris, rehnquitur 146 Iphias year, that is, it first.
Cyaxaris mouse. Diodorus, there is no error, but the copyists had been these, though vetustif.
dung. Read the ἐάως έ τε axis <%. Born error from short ms.


Page 328

 But the fact that fcquitur In the same author, we can not stop for.
excufat. Supports K * K 6 (3) g τοῖς καθ '}% to H2, and •' xejois örjp%, Sec. For.
falfis, Ctefiam tartar Herodotus lived. False again, putting the same date.
River tend to be just what Diodorus, when this takes it to a tiger. '.
Inexpertly do that the first year, that is, in the first Olympiad.
s.
I v Astyagema Cyrus flexible or write to bear King Cyrus was the chosen one before.
Astyagis reign of destruction for several years, and in these disorders Eufebius. But even.
mendofe does it matter Herodotus tells us, with the Lydians and the Medes under Cyaxare day, they fought with him.
to have turned into the night, that Astyages, when he was the one, I do not Cyaxares, The sun, as Reet fiabet ;.
nus, although the beak above it to us to the same visum fuerit.Præterea be referred to, that the.
Jerome said prologue Jonas, Astyagentemp.
Iofiae ruled edge. A Ni.
we went cafum Sardanapalis so Diodorus, the government writes a clefs 1 3 6 a.
years; might not only be the king of Ninus, Sardanapalus, tricefimus, but even in tricefi.
fanguinis of the mouse, as wild fuccessionis was interrupted by N.
BACE, a Median Afiyriorum the control of the center of Cyrus, the Z8. years.
have been obtained and that Ctefiam haufisse & a'g "," x ,,%, of £% org 'and j, ov Fípzz ,.
®; ταλaia; aeg3; xae & ττα woAx0; <Je zzωτεταγμέγας. Of course, the truth is "all A & TA.
Or.
RegumRegum treacherous diphtheria, which is x "? Axia call has been repaid.
It was so obviously exists Efdra force, which consisted 2. From the Chronicle.
{Arum: Esther, 11, 22 V .: 1, 1: x 2. However, by asserting the disaster Sardanapalis Media ,.
the death of Astyages, on the Assyrians the kingdom of obtinuifTe, with good reason, as there is a doubt, fo.
tit facra page »which TiglathPhulAfar and Senacherib kings of Assyria.
MINI. But it is not true it is, Ninus, a law of Media razed to the ground, as he tells the same thing.
Ctefias with him and the divine auetoritas and Herodotus agree ,.
in this respect, becomes much more certain can be detected by those who from the Ctefia. This is writing from the out.
ercitu Cyaxaris of King Ninus, that people had besieged and deign to give the time of the Nitocridis of the wife.
Nabuchodonofori had removed. So under Nabuchodonoforo deleted. So.
phoniae the Prophet times Iofiae threatens destruction Nino. HERODOTUS.
he writes Phraortes Medûm time Manasseh king of campaign.
to have In the Medes, who do Ninus, the king's possession of this camp. However, no reasons ,.
what is the same Ctefias down, and wrote on the third Hepoixâ de Sardanapalo: του; $ ARA, J9; and.
4V. % V atiez ¢ »apa ® AP yuaz thirty %% WA. •) aestetjuq) 8 άς Níoy se} ® Cxeî.
Gaavxäa. Sardanapalum will be elsewhere than in the city of Nino, which were added se.
burned, and in addition Nini King was beside ipfum Sardanapali.
At the same time. that is ridiculous. Idiot Greeks now Herodoto.
aduerfetur, see what the Penfos he has nothing. ~ This is his fententiam fequi.
be Athenæus. But Herodotus straight Assyrian government reported, and the same date.
a city still under Medi times Cyaxaris midnight. Many of Ctefia and Hu.
humanly sins and leap through ζηλοτυτia, in Herodotus maliciously lied.
in which they abide, which he hath left unto us, Photius, the ruins, found expression in an excellent nose pof.
fumes. It should be recognized, however, Nywto the son of Semiramis, Ninus, his father, who was the third.
's reign he was called fuifTe by the same name, in which the citie, Ipfa Ninus, by the Hebrews.
said that y Nρύ. Why does the name distinguenduiu as Ni.
if the Ninya consider peck. For the most Seniramidis, properly speaking, the Assyrian was called to be an.
was, do not Ninus was, as I pretend, indeed, also to the Gentile. According to a flood, to the beginning.
Assure, the Greeks, whom they call the same date, there were only one year, fexaginta VnllS: reality.
And you. From the Assyrian 's nephew, Noæ of Shem. This is not surprising, therefore confenfus profile.
cenfualium with the facris, most of whom, it is argued, vanity of them, who came to a huge nu.
mcrum years from the flood, the exodus plan..

A αρά ά Ιλιaxâ. ] Semiramis daughter Dercetidae writes Diodorus tin.
Syrian Syrian tapoouza% n> Ti, JJ A $ & qapáj. But there is no Syriac dialect may be so co.
iumbam calls. For if the ἐτυμολογιζά, though, that in Aramaic, rather runs Y.J spar.
Meanwhile, in a dove, he is truly a fable of the poet. Ovid, Metamorphoses. 1V.
 -and doubts about yourself, ßabylonia tell.
7) exercised; How backwards fjuamis velantibus limbs ,.
Pools Paleflini believe dressing shape ?.
I rather like her daughter fumptu wings.
When the last amnos high in the towers, he do ?.
Ah, "reality 3 Σ, αέρg T] This fragment Jerof the flood acquire STU.
diofi with those who Halton, and others regentiores of loc9 where Noah's rest.
shipped, enunciated, namely, the Christians, as well with the name of that place is to-day, than the Muham.
Medano most solemn takes place..
N "! Tag $ aauae sponsor] Of the many Scidas and others. Hocautem piece.
 d 4 tu1n144 1 N F L A G E N T 1000 A.
UU111 ^ matter with his family fuperiore joined. • • •. .
EgIy Jz $ τιω Miyvdja. ] Strabo has Mxvg%, also Pliny the fifth ,.
XXXI. JMttingit Galatia and Pamphylians Cabalia and forests that around Bari desirable ,.
& Cyllanticum and Oroanda Pifidiæ Traelium. .
B £ football; Xey% V% vov] ssAEo circunflexa accent, I am writing becomes long. On.
However, the book ends with a sharp knife. There are βάe /; Castle from the Jewish rnn * ?. And.
it turned from a Greek.

Page 329


R YY than Hebrew. thus camps or headquarters, or the Palace fu.
Jerusalem, however, the foundation has been set up through the tower Antony, Vo.
it became βάe / c. But here there is a mountain of Ararat, which he mentions Pliny lo.
co We have already talked produetus, the gods and then I think: not as if there any help from the castle, either.
The hall has been fed and have tremendous leaks, and in fublimis eduétæ the call.
be gale, £ g. Propertii Baridos & cont ra ro $ Liburnian fequi. The Baridos AR.
Egyptian ship, remember that Herodotus, Diodorus and others. So from the box ,.
fen Naveh Noah gods and sacrificed. However Ephiphanius A. Gap gods and then delivers other.
TZETZES acting in Verse politics and follow explains. For it is not the place ,.
When the Ark rested Juba, he writes, but as soon as Noah co grapevine.
profit. .
Ka) Σaiai% g] This piece of Diluuio matter and to unite with fuperioribus.
And then, because not only confentit with them, but also because the Bible is rarely Mu.
However, community names. For Kegig here for God, for the G & Σεῖατ% to.
AECI πάμ * η έτι λόα] goes Chaldeans, which Dodecaeteridum fuarum.
starting from Aries, they formed, and hence the beginning of a civil season.
the principle of energies and from the mense Artemifio, from which it is fruitful in bringing to define it too: so that to define it too is made.
he whom I shall Mofes has been rich in menfem calls, the tenth of the feptimum, these which this man is.
On the fifteenth, the flood have started from. However, on the of error, which many of the Jews.
from the beginning of the menfium diluuij a really a capture, and having made us a little afterwards, many fe.
to the skin of the smoke, so we condemn, which the fententiis of those who are menfes diluuij stays.
about how people think of summer, the old confuetudinem Jewish people.
In fact, they have gone away the old the Egyptians, the Hebrews are feptimo mense, whom feptimum.
Then, the menfem menfium be charged. I know, however, not the poor.
cos to be, with which the sun does not shine, and the rest at noon.
E Hx {$ τλ τί & Σιττwegia] & Sippara This is against us, or the region ,.
In the same author, however, is said to be the people of Abydos Σιστερητά τάλς with a certain woman, which was.
doubtless> STRQ out of. H 'τ £ λις% but not more than the game.
socerebellar Betfemes called the physician Vartomannus the same, that is, a house.
Sunday, as he warns, and it is true. Look again this Heliopolis Macro.
This parable, Saturnaliorum first cap. XX 1 1 i
£ in a copy of undiluted%] Hellenifmus, that is, μετΗ ts "? § * APY% av. The same class.
Things Varro of expression in the country once noted. The birds ,.
Sifithro emitted from the vessel, they do that with a dove and a colleague Noah dimiferunt.
; ' Not all the focal axis%, while facra story fitness store.
rather, they are the instruments of the flat part of the truth, destitute of means of spring to men, than.
naeuulus for them to be rejected, in which the truth in his native testified.
God chose. We can not deny us the pleasure of them.
fummam to catch up, do not be surprised at the hatred of good literature, in quibufdam of fate ,.
  qu1!.
N o r AE. 45.

I
in Greek and Latin writers have never lie to say defiisse. .
Θεοίμιν ἐς ἀθρόττον ἄγανίζεστ] The cine historical truth. For gods.
LEES OF WINE huuis fuperuixit of Noah, the three and a half.
Faelarr. Λων ἐλέφαλααα%]} Jerof as ς τ8; > Ττ'ἀπωσμές.
Ka)> veoiai TO] away with Iofia The commission does not Du.
their orbits, and are now above the other lands. But the place is calling for Migdol, it is not.
Megiddo, as scripture. which, I believe, neighbor were Migdol, and Magdala.
do, but because Magdalum time, because this battle is charged with a trial ,.
that those who fought at Gaugamela, is referred to in Arbela, because of the obscurity.
tie Gaugamela. . •.
Ey May x%] on the border of Egypt and the road that leads Palestina. Jeremias.
1 x 50 V, 14, Steve. May% w ®, τίλις Aiyj ***. E "Griot from £ αχτι. MA.
Geddes, however, mentions, is the place to him, & his wars, and unfortunately from the Iofia instructors.
FAE, Chapter 1 x 1, 1 1 where it is called the level of Megiddo, and the place where the fight.
committed Adadrimon. The apocalypfim is Harmageddon. .
Ka3v'ì,] There is no doubt that it can not ViP has been stated; and that it is, of which the men.
tion number xx 16..
«» T \ t.
Mer. § £ kxgijvx & άττα τε τέττι] to necoh Interferon as well have been in the fight.
Carcamo near the river. But it is false. Fufu, it was only his army.
quick, and yourfcif to flee. In fact, after the one to go out of the battle is said not to have been aufus.
the coasts of Egypt, the government of all things that Nabuchodonofor fuo fubiecisset, a Ni.
Io, the Euphrates. 1 1 Kg. xx 1 1 1 1, 7. But the cap. 1 x 50 V Jeremiah through.
he struck his, which is spoken of, it is not uncommon of the put to flight, but not to the CAEFS whole of his army.
said. •. .
They carry RZ / J} $ stool from $ y% ς τω αλχω] necoh eight years ago 1, Pfammis.
His son v 1, April XXV. 47 evacuated, and the highest well in the year 168 Nabonassari ,.
Amat seized when he writes Diodorus left for 1 year, 12 against.
niassari, first to. Therefore died in the year 137 Nabonassari the beginning.
Jehoiakim king of. However fufu is a Nabuchodonoforo place Carcamo ,.
In the fourth Jehoiakim. We must, therefore, adhered fault, Herodotus whether Dion.
dori. In fact, at least either of the blame for it. We remember that we are in another Prolegoma.
the ratio of these times of the end of a meal. However, this is very true. It is there that from the.


Page 330


you. Here and there could be added to Sennacherib in Herodotus, whose they are.
Herodotus, the priests, gave them Aegyptij obscured in many parts of the storiam.
surprised. But approached Iofephus a most diligent and learned.
author, book, chapter, head first. Since, however, there is a place has already the anti hornless.
was walking, I would not have Russin is made of tuition, indeed, an open question, I will propose to the first le.
Tion and the Community, which is fecutus Russin, then the fupplebo.
Egyóvi%; §, $ 7 R & Roy a ßaoiXe); » 'I' IPEA%. H ¢ AJ; "qegtsstaz, άλε, & A.
Oh ßaaiXe); G: * # Aiyvvaiay ßaoiXéæ ex% Ieper, άω, τὰ Hqaks. πολιορxá, o t $.
T xgato and c.Locus incomplete As to a small degree Doctor appears. He directed huciam.
terpretationemRussini as for le and see how vetusta fault angles to that.
best writers clinch; If at the end of the stomach was illiterate.
thy teachers were able to read: the impudence of which, however, so great, that, since the top of the.
Jerome hand man did not hesitate. But, as the few Hicronymi.
hæc46 1 N F E N T R A C 1000 A.
these things, 'Days should have, have not been forgotten yet, at this Russin has many friends. But the Iofe.
'S own. The whole room was conceived in such a Iofephus: @ egχύς § ^ z * & * "* O.
ßaoiX®; Σera y / £ 9 λυά τω πολιορκία. Reg yeyq 5% TOS) 8 Σera y & ov '% r} Gy.
ipia% Hqyajg eztrjaa q / λίγων άς άτ © άρασιλός '%%} τγ γ Aiyvatio, Ca.
Cixi fix% v icpia. ότι τὰ Hqyajg. τολιορκὸ δ τί Πηλ & οιον, άλυσε τω πολοpxla 3%.
ajria; τοιωτης. V ^ £% of δ ζασιλός ἀ / Aiyvttior raf% a. U% υδάνθ ὐτ} xsg 3% ,.
πληγ4} & σωττει na / 'Aeg%. 7τλανάτω 5% from τάτο He} $ T @ $ x Agaveiav λέγων.
+ Gaaixia, dXX 'ae% Oy. Fententia clear. It is not uncommon for my surprise vanishes away, so many.
without blemish, her whom it forgot what the writer who is one of the best, not only do all the Russin ,.
but also reflects Eufebij tartar boundaries. It is also recognized by Russia.
no what to say. At the end of eiufdem writes: B possit "άπ. XAA $ & jg.
ov% z.Jαιδεος μνημονεύς £ ßaoiAâos Σύaye% /%, E ou? Thanks sails άτήρχς,?.
* AngrscegtajaztoTj aaige άτj AiyJ w% OV & TWS. For the last two words Ay.
% Y dew recognized by Russin, which are still infulta sciolists the speakers.
fequentis to be Jerof, it is not Iofephus, which, nevertheless Iofephus ought to be more to prove it.
they ought not, to be able to with it and the manned by raw recruits perfpicuum. Then destroyed it.
Aίγον §τως.
Maya / Jpost Eqyiaig.] This Menanders other Fragmenturn above the expofuimus.
This is the same work, even if § & C, TVPAE ßeßaaiXéx $ ro, AJA) Ga.
QA ¢, which is concerned with the campaign Salmanassars Assyrian King Phocni.
a spirit of daring, was attacked by a & Tire from it in vain. The sacred scriptures of the same and ten.
Ifraelis tribes from him Ashur medium deportatis speak. It is not.
So skipped, there was only a very admirable monument.
Kitrajov] Cyprus, in which KÊrioy headquarters country. Hebrew => n>.
Nor do you have auetorem of abominable things is, as they call it, that are significantly Kittajot; CY.
vouch excepted, than to Menandru. 1 mind. 1 Xevtju called for.
All Greeks. .
Exgxaìg] Le Russin & fufpe action and then makes the call. It is Hylyfeus.
And thus, as Phoenicie written about him we can not possibly divine. It appears to be.
Elifæus.
FEU! O; > AAuzya at p] Salmanafari The name is from the Greek word absent from here.
the flight of prenamently, the index Russin. .
ΣΙΣ and Apxm] actually read Axn. Squinting, and a few others who do not remember it.
surprised. For there is no âpxn in the tribe of African by birth, whose Iofephus makes mention of. Acen however.
Ptolemaus be called forth Strabo. and in this way, Ptolemy calls. And vi.
Παλαίτve9 $ Axn continue and, thus Strabo Πτολζμαῖς ἀ IIazg £.
• tvegg. Eία, he said, ä Proxeuaí; 331 μεγαλn τῆλις, $, Axto & Duaca aegriey. f.
£. %% g fumrre a matter} ς τι'A% w% y o Pipgai. And how that Strabo acaee, ie, Pompo.
íïìüí Mêla Gaza rights. For the rest, he said, in the Paleflima out of the $ t & a huge fenced, to the.
the method Gaza. So Perfe brass call, and then call the $ t, which was Cambyfes Par.
mis Egypt was asking for money to come here had been brought on the war, and the wealth of &. But this is ridiculous.
it is. For it is not for Gaza, but of the academician was of Elimelech; and & the war, the focal point of their community, and that was the name.
it means that the treasury bear. y is in Gaza City, Niyi he is Oa.
za,> το $ mowve / au $$. which is to be perfected, or has been terminated, the Syrian, rather than He.
hraicum.
Συμπ rpoawrrw ^] russina glass. Otherwise it read.
NaύςNaì; &% ITV] â € russina% μ} xoyrx. .
Kataret zebra.,% T% tο (ρμέ] river This is Menander or not.
Cue Strabo call when he was remembered for his fifteenth 1.% at $ x $ $$.
v $ $ TVegc 8zxeiot *)% xoaioy szJiay. 5 and that, fμ â € ¢ copy τολίχμον% av τΗλις λέ.
9suán. άζα op}; TVPAE torvuò, E% at. . .
X}, o Aauaoxtoi;] This is also outstanding concerns kings of Damascus.
fragment of the past, there was a crime. At this point mention is made of comming neare, that of David.
They are conferred with the King of Damascus, whom scripture facra 2 Samuel VIII, 5 it is not.
calls, calls them Adad, Niccolo, however, the name of all the kings of Damascus ,.
to use all of it to Ptolemy of Egypt, on the other, as will be said afterwards. .
Ey + π% (gptn] Russin & ~ re πάμέη..
A %% ς άομα] All that was the rule in Damascus, as they just indicated.
tion: ἐκας z%. £ TW ​​bein% Si αρχí Σ ττάσμα τάτο ex jewäy $.

Page 331


he began to Jerome platter, that the kings of Damascus writes: 'it to Hazael, into the kingdom of FUC.
lucky son ask Bern besides, from where all pofiea kings of the air, that is, Syria and 1) amafçi.
ssem besides the title possessed. This is how you write n call.
Solomon, was aduerfarius holds a royal family. 1 Kg. XI, 14.
For similar reasons Hadad, king of the gods and incense was Tabrimon son and grandson of Hezion ,.
1. Reg. xv, 18. Indeed, as here know the names of their own King of Damascus.
to the bus, but the common name Adad. In fact, a better sense about this matter to whom you believed.
the chance, how Nicholas and who it was of Damascus, and out of the Damascenes with a Tabularij.
this deprompferat the bus? .
Táxque) "άνάγας ap}; As £ 32] 1 1 Samuel, vi 1: 1, 3 1 Chronieo ?.
jrum 15 2 i.
IIaeg. Evqegtto +] in connection with the forces of the king of Soba ?.
And the river with David fighting the conflict and lead. On the ground.
River sinning in the fight to Samuel VIII, 3.
Etip $ æ rò Yui> auapáry] 1 Reg. xx. Iofephus with these words: § 3} $ T $.
+%; EFA; (A NEGλαος) ά va} 3, A%, o ¢ fat votióyo; R, Σa, $ wings ,.
A ¥ € ¢ 3ασιλεγοχος ά / Iaeg * ^ '*'. Scripture calls Ben Adad. Iofephus Ader ,.
JUSTIN Adora, which makes the ruling after azelus, cine and an toritatem.
1 Kg. 8, 15. ῦ Justin is a summary XXXV 1:? After t) amafçum Aegelus soon.
JMdores and Abraham and Jfrael his reign. , All of which are frivolous, nor of.
the order of, nor the time, nor the telling of the truth of the thing agreeable and conformable to. You see.
How many faciendæ fint these are the families of the ancient writers remnant to escape, and as far as he shuns them.
, which as the writers of the profane, of whom they call it, any help from fenfum of the true of the history of ha.
furnished deny. .
Meyer, Yui] See Kings 2 v 1 1 f.
A * p] Always russina adez. •.
T%% BA% vXoyiay ßaoiXiog Bαλαόα] Berodachbaladan said Ifaiam χ who was overthrown ,.
Berodachbaladan son, who NABONASSAR other places we have just demonstrated.
The ÎJ op © ajxóy] Many Orphaicus scripferunt, that is, in many poeniata.
who mocked at in the past, of which the material basis of the doctrine of Orpheus; of which we see in His name.
phase. A large part of poems written by Orphaicus Onomacritus ;.
This is described Tatian Op © ®; § 3 + Autio, xegio HeyxAëï% srai. dλλας τε Σ m.
if; A / ti er $ pa and OWA (ἐτη φε & εόa.) qaai, ^ o ai / A $ yuaxpstv τὰ t / a / w.
 In rwti %%% 48 F R A G E N T 1000 A.
awtawy% AI% υομάς Χ # IJ TTaoitpat from $ y {}), a £ * trtmw, and Oλυμ.
tig3a. There is, therefore, the same thing, to whom he was writing Theognis, ,.
Cai / O% ap2 'xeqaxta) Oyoμακειτ * και μέ βιότι OIG.
In fact, in the time of Xerxes, she gnomica down, and wrote, or at least about the arrival of the.
Media & Mardonij under Darius Hystafpis as yourfcif shows, he said, 1000 "*} ,.
+ 1000: "J \ TT; tixeuoi. The Onomacritus see Herodotus force. There is fear.
Stantissimo fragment of the true God of the Hebrews, of Orpheus, from the time when these words.
out of the few verficulos excerpfimus, who had come to the antiquity of the history of the temple profane the brunt of.
bent. The entire piece will consult with their pleasure, and when the fruit.
And you did it. ^.
It μ, μεγαγς τίς] The true God knows fuiflc a uoyo% μεῖ that.
the kind of draw its essence from the Chaldeans, with peritissimufque has been in astrology, Abraham into the.
telligens the genus of the Chaldees, all antiquity, in the East, whom the smoke of astrol.
gum to believe that Jerof among others: for example, $ x & (& xxvou ?, j \ eKgtm.
Y <& A $ ;. Xax% ις τίς δ} tag DI * f μέγας and t. 8egna. άτ {egg. Eufebius.
From Eupolemus:% \ (Abraham) and τίω & po ^ syla and Xaa% xtæ a pai. However.
xgrs ^^ rsiv; is called the uoyoy?;, when her son was, but not he, rather that we so vo.
gorilla is truly 1 e h i 500, that is, uoyo; . Genefis 1 xx 1, 2. This is called.
facrificij history, along with a motion usually slandered. Porphvrius out.
Archiuis ancient Phoenician: 39 to τίς ττλωοῖς α τῆς μεγαλαιό συμφοοαῖς.
# W £ wov, ajti tie ttiytov φ% e%, ό άγαπημάo, τάσω τ $ ς TV xezt%; } T $.
xeos, A a and after stripping them aqa %% τάδαι λύ τίς πα »eji; Jassaeoi. Katsaq & rtiri, '' ct.
Jìàvàvoi μυςτxáé. Kegi® three-* ot φοῖixes Joeyx aesawyspe soi, ßaaiX & ov 77ς.
z'pa; X%% Vey, Aζ τι) τά SSSS TtX & tw "to him; τὸ τέ Kegy iez x * &% $ i £ power is 3%.
άτωειας wuqns Ayo% P? R Aeysuâns, J) άω Aóyoi% υ, ό τέττ 1% charge d & xg ,.
πέ Aóyoi% V% §τως An? VTO ​​"αAsuér" from $ ;. % S; £ Ofu%. zι λυω ex. τολάμε μεγάςw.
xgtvixno and TV τω'z'sar, ßασιλκά x9aula ** * xx% shoulders, ú, ssous fits xzzzo xavaaz.
pwag gre $ vovy. Here you see the first IFAC will not be Abraham μονογ%.
flue * * Diet: After sketchy or more deprauatam sacrifice.
IFAC history, and the reason pcnitus hiding immolation ementitam.
Also, in the name of Sara Anobreth changed. Philo was also Byblienfis the same one.
History bedding, λειμέ δ γομόε Σ Φ% e%, ό άvτὰ μονογ% j), Ke% g.
Oέρανά lot, I 6a xapta Likewise prorfus said that Porphvrius. Therefore said.
Onomacritus from Orpheus the lyre, that no one has ever seen God, but to Abraham.
for most, and whom He calls μονογγ, since it is more has been τιτήρ μεγογάς. But come.
Alexander Abraham's son Cz tn; yawetis & T? ἐλως ^ Fixarw calling.
writes, such as, </ eg / 3oy PNS, because Joann% λως.
£) "£ %%%; %%% <>] So once we have corrected in the broken beams, that man.
Stephen learned friend Henry, published in I573. And so on.


Page 332


fuum Pythagoras. Had previously been wrongly read άλ •% ;. So ἀγμῆς Aquige.
ns, that is, Moses because of the wind like birthdays extracts. For words.
R ye Est pull out ajaazzzz. r- gp aiaagis: not possible that the MA, a.
fonaret than to the Egyptians, so that he trifles with Philo, a Jew, ê »twIqj; And Hebraifmi.
He was assailed Iofephus and more; is completely gratuitous way. Compofito as are of the.
Má of the water, & van; cxtractus out of the water: vnde coaluerit Maia is the name of a solid ;.
AlijN o t ae. 49.
Others say the Syrian MÄ water. In short, on the one side flowed a wave of be said to be of May, yet more desirable.
The more I, that there was a reet. Ezekiel tragic.
Oyoμα δ more & όμασε, τὰ χαεω.
Ύ5eάς ajεῖλε το (gullet, and R 'iiage.
it seems to fimpliciter by the Word of deriuare, y * but reasonable that God, and not from the waters. And really you.
So for once Ἀγ% ^% g υς. But surprise, which is why these data WHATE'ER ,.
άt Onomacritus. The most ancient text, however, I do not doubt that this is the fault, v t.
άλογης for άγης read.
Out. %% International wóuga zzód, n ^ * ®® axx% vuo] xaraxg% * yes GS αμά Jirag%.
xg. z%. Reg. He calls åítzgxg% vguâ, hinting Jiaexgx * $ X (ov% and ομ: DuplicesDecalogi board. Therefore, a Greek man they know. MA.
E P O 100 F AR.
In 5 E N T E R T A M E N T E 1 Oh ,.
Q_V AE.
5 1000 100 100 E R T M A R A T E R E 100 M.
A A B E N T
By virtue W C E S 1 1000 A second menfis a fruitful year Jabbatum.
At first Exodus.
Exod. xv 1 Ifraelites has become defertum if the fifteenth menfis.
On the sixth day after the preparation, fine fexta week. Commas 5, 22, 23 ER.
Go 1 1 xx day, and the moon was fabbatum and confequenter end in the first.
my menfis was Thursday.
guartufaevimus bowel AR <Ekta Gu is the first and / febdomadù Sabbatica ,.
Wings XXXV 1 1 {1, chapter 3 & 1 1 Reg. XIX »2. 9: This year you will eat the caterpillars ssonte.
two, fecundofponte nafçentia, almost a third. Jews understand otherwise. But salt.
averted. In fact, no doubt, was the first hebdomaa quartufdecimus to Hezekiah;.
push. He says, first, fecund, third, that is, the week. _ *.
sedekiae the first year of the fourth week Sabbatica.
Jeremias XXV 1 1 1, 1. And it happens this year, the beginning of Sedekie ssege ,.
In the fourth year, fifth menfe. This is nonsense R. Solomon. And at last, David.
Êmhi diuinat been annum IV. Sabbaticae week. Golden numbers.
ro x epaéta well balanced, equal to 1 x 1 R, cyclo Sunday Z6, Ni.
4. 4. 1. 41 March decimafeptima fan, hence v. menfis, the tenth to three times.
ness of July. Nevertheless, wherein deposed kingdom nawn raxüna ongoing Chro.
nicorum Div. tricefimofexto v. year. namely in the eighth Iulijanno Judas.
3161 co today that proscéto the fourth year running, Ngozi * A *%. Himself.
Secondly Sa ¢ * 5o. 1 N F L A G E N T 1000 A.
Secondly, Sam. i 1, p. Cyn first NSG ry 'mytine ratun, AG ?.
$ T, and iavt ?, ότε ό ßaoiXê êgerras that is part of his food. In the change.
not to the year, when the kings of the expeditions, and they do. Greek, and AP AOT., Ie ,.
aufpicij from that country ;. And not only in Syria, but either in France the southern quarter.
parts, it may happen in the spring âxuæóoris; oiTwv that talks Thucydids. So.
Jews also interprets this passage, Levi Gerfom and David Kimhi ,.
the produce of the adults, and joyously the blade, the horses, the asses, as it takes place. Fenten same.
third word for the first Citron. Div. XX, where it says: 1. R. Selomo holds.
I give those herbs that are in the plain, to the pastoral care of the horses to his chariot, of course, that Dauid Kimhi, according to in Sa.
MUELA place He says, Ein nya time of King J ^, thou shalt be. It is gathered overcome ... V #.
Piazza rnyyn niavn vocafTe today that if = \ pn fimpliciter called by the Jews :.
PR is not, however, the old black, n ^ Efter end of the year, when the civil war, which the other parts of Mo.
bes calls rvagri NSG § £ o% y c / iavt%, which will oxtwozwyiay audience.
rngipn> ;; tvgt year Zaw means complete, but natwn; ® *) ,.
part of the year, when the sun is from the increase to the decrease of the year, is turned to the ,.
for example, in xiytra% EVA, or vice versa, such as xévto xaiueewâ. Of course, there were none of them.
quadrants may be the difficulty NSS 303), £ IVT; Fed nror) and conuerfio.
Sunday, not years, and Perez ëet Greece, time of year, ninivn quasi tell Mu.
tationes. By fixing the eyes in the morning to that was the place for us in no other way.
vifum it. The year is worth ir.itio Sedekiæ conditus two.
illustrissimarum, & vetustissimarum of Cities, at Marseilles, in France, the Cyrene.
But, in Libya. .
Decimus Sedekiae the twentieth / eptimus Jubilee. The vndecimus Sedekiae.
feptem week Jer. XXX 1. 9. 65 forward.
Ezekiel nine, 27, J icefimo / anticipated like the first (menfe) primary Memfis, happens.
wee 1) fa £ omen for my turn comes. He was the tenth Sedekiae. There com.
At first mate. Accordingly, the current year 9O7 from Exodo.Deduétis forty.
in, in the wilderness, and the seven fubiugatæ country which Jews call the years.
Vnsn exchanged rixv Vag fubiugationis the seven years of the earth; 5 years behind, "" p54.,.
86o, £ 1 1 uć are iubilca fifteen years. 7 Jubilee eighteen vu, Lmer, whose starting point.
Iofiae King of six years, not a XVII, such as those uncovered and some recompense.
ii. Where are you, which quadragefimam the first year of the Exodus Iubilea'or.
3 capabilities are also reign in the Chaldean sabbatical year obseruatos? However.


Page 333

 This nul.
the book has found the right place, as are the DC Follies tricefimo year.
the book is found.
plti Sedekiae the Sabbath.
It is shown from the preceding. For if he Decimus, who was traveling cloaks.
mouse, was vicefimusfeptimus jubilee fcquitur that eleven of the same Vltimus.
the mouse becomes a VICEF oétauus the day of Jubilee, and the proinde last term of the week. But even.
Thirty prediction of 1 V, 9, 1 a, 1 1, 1 1, 1 3, 1 4 is shown, Vltimus.
appreciation for the time of the siege are fulfilled conuenifle together with the time, in which some of the Hebrews with the po.
Pulari fuosferuientes, liberated under the obligation of Exodus xxi, 2. Deuteronom.xv ,.
z. This year, for example cxcidio Jerusalem, and Sedekiae case, it initially.
Astyagis, Astyagis, a noble man. This is the beginning of the year stands Astyagis in.
the empire of the Medes, the death of which has failed, as in the case Sedekiæ the kingdom.
Of.
third / Leciam ammus Nabuchodonofori was triceßmus Nabopolla.
Faris Rgis from £! *% ylonie to NABUCHODON / ori.
The fifth year is trapped Iechoniæ tertiufdecimus Nabuchodonofori.
For the fourth Jehoiakim the first Nabuchodonofori. Jeremiah xxv 1.
A fourth Jehoiakim for the fifth time in captivity Iechoniæ inclufiue ,.
are the years of the twelve, of an absolute. And equally trapped Iechoniæ fifth year.
tertiufdecimus running from the beginning of the year Nabuchodonofori. But even.
it was the fifth year of the captivity of Jeconiah, the tricefimus of that of the king, who had at that time.
Babylon ruled over the ten, that is, the Nabopollaflàri. Accordingly tricefimus against.
pollassàri is tertiufdecimus Nabuchodonofori. The place is fated fu.
Volume on the premises by us, and in the fifth hooks, if it were possible.
This mouse minds to instill a kind of truth. Jerome zero.
SUPPORTED said tricefimo this year, of whom Ezekiel fuisse.
tricefimo Ezckielis stature than the Jews were tricefimo by reading a book.
1InulCf \ to.
In the second year of the Chaldean% Wabuchodonoßri% is thought to be caused by the loss Wa.
bopollaßari. .
Daniel 11, and yourfcif 1. He also is the most noticeable. For.
The Chaldeans in Iraq, Nabopollassaro in life, has no ratiop.
, ordinary friends of the kingdom of Nabuchodonofori, that they are in Syria, are only in place; he was having.
So bear the year of Cyrus vicefimum nonumes with Babylonij.
Cyrus thought the first year of their empire. Thus, the first year of the Italians call Charles.
The Great, they thought, by far the greater number of the years, and the French vfurpa.
out. s kingdom with the kingdom of the latter is to be in Italy, that is to say in the eiufdem.
France. It is acceptable to place the name of Daniel, ii ,. That a man whom Hieronymus pcrperam
demonstrated elsewhere. In the same period, however, fell well head vm Eze.
Kiel, preference to the head 2 of Daniel, at the time when it was already great the name of Danie ;.
Us. Ezekiel 14, 14.
$ 100 H A. G and H A R A T E R E St.
V V E T S T A T 1 S ,.
Today, qv 1 A P Vd IVDAE O St.

True sabbatical.
Every year feptenarius bank account of the Jewish Sabbath, as elsewhere.
gods and is known to us. Even so every good, and the year of the world, however, from the bank account of feptenarius.
We plan and yourfcif Sabbaticus is, as also in the pcriodo Juliana by autumn.
no eiufdcm year.
, and the year the solar system, mere Alexandreus, that is used by the Jews.
The end of the year Solaris Calippici Seleucidarum in feptimi O and October, Julian.
In the letter G, while the Jews here today, the calculation of remuneration years old only.
ns when allowed by O & Taua eiufdem menfis by the O & Taua starts neom.
inhibits the lunar year old word for the some of the Hebrews, into which he has fallen Nifanius of Exodus. Ifque year.
menfium was only the dregs, from the new moon with the Hebrews are coming out of the Mofis Præcepto.
Nifanius the beginning of the year, have instituted in the future. A feptimi eight.
Solaris Jewish year begins with fever, where once there was a Macedonian Tekupha.
Re & c. And it was the last term of the year the day of the Sun's. Why Tekupham with reality.
xx Tranflator formed on September 1 V, and you really thirteen days away.
surprised. For many days to twenty 1 v Septenbris appofiti definunt in the seventh.
O & MA of October, in which he defines the solar year. They must therefore be the same.
feptimum new moon, and I have been with the counselors of the Annunciation of the first, day of the week and fruitful, and the basic cycle.
The first, third Monday, Iulian 953. For the period of a year as I ,.
an end to the straight feptimi October, aims nourishes me.
the movement of the moon and Liège, but does not belong to hypothefi. This is the way.
liud the start of the year Solaris fashion instiruunt with Tekupham, that is ,.
his final day of the year, For the first, fequentis they receive it. However, because of time.
rcformationis uvuilunium trying to xxtv September reason.
it was like before nouilunia 2.16 cycles of the V 1 1 Octobris. At.
He is not xx September 1 v nouilunia program was fed in.
Matt because xx September 1 V is the beginning of the year solely.
stantiniani, the end of the truth of this, the Jews in the time of reform the one in which he sought for an.
instruction. Then, in the xxv day of the week was the third of September nouilunia, of which the.
charaeter 3. 6. 734, the year 154, which was the world's real 4io4.
Therefore, z, 16 of the cycle, that is, the years of 4io4 of an absolute, ab v 1 1 1, 1 1 are not a v.
Oh and October, should resolve the nouilunia x V September & Comp.
Jewish burn in one of the world would be so much greater that ho.
But the same day, which is less than 189 years old and is no proper reason.


Page 334

 This only taken.
They did this, over time, after thirteen days of reform aposwzfaatoc that.
z cycle, there are 16, nouilunia in the September quarter vicefimum statuerc ,.
, when, statucndum been in XXV, productive year old MA.
cedonicum, from the beginning back thirteen to twenty dies reckoned definunt ,.
Above T O: AE..
 53.
not vicefimum September quarter. The rest of this intervention has excellent ,.
Jews who belong to the installation of modern compiiti and borrow from books.
shine. For our people and the Jews are unknown. We have.
So outstanding reminder of the old Jewish year old Mace.
donicum..


Jude /? / IMT phase of Callippus caelexandrea.
Reformation is the most elegant of the Jewish year, which I vfu enrolled in the county.
A 344 year old feptimi October Tekupha ask you to.
Tekupham Sofigenis vicefimaequartæ September, there are thirteen days who.
the bus is becoming to a aposwáéatos avxtvaixjs cycle, 2i6, those who are of the year of Julian's.
4 1 O4. So in a 5 1 4 compiiti modern Jew is entitled to reform.
upright. Therefore tranflatio Tekuphae and nouilunia feptimi Octobris ,.
preferred steps of reform, then another year vtebantur, and indeed other ,.
epilogifmo middle of the movements of the moon. She is very meth.
dus. She remained in a particular period of the year. ecquanam another, which we Ca.
lippica Rabbi ancient ancestor, do we add £ appended Iudaicæ truth.
fexaginta three hundred year old, hor. 5. ostentorum 997 ,.
H. moments of the period the year 76. In addition,.
A few years old Jew under Seleucidis »and the time of Christ ,.
Vfque and the destruction of the Temple, to confirm himself are present in excidij year.
Temple, which was the first day the new Nifanius, March. Now this is no.
could number, of the calculation of today's whole, but from the Syriac period of Callippus are. Jews are stupid.
suppose the creation of a feptimi O and October, and therefore the No. 1 xx 1
üembris been fruitful menfis 1 XT 1, in which Cloaths diluted. EAm ho.
on the day, and call the λ / ανείω that rain from God demanding and con.
tra, of excess in our ἐπομ £ e / a the world will overflow, they implored the divine power. Institute.
The litany is an old Jewish prayer for rain. For obviously allufit to Zach.
Syria x 1. So rites and ceremony, which impcnduntur this worship, said.
ap - at FPR. Machine with rain, a word that cleganter Arabia.
C3 \ w * :.
c 3 A'o 100 A A A A A A A A RC 100 T H E S.
E P O R T 1000 5 M.
IN .
5 O O N T E N T S T A 1000 G.
& Baptifmi year, XT Tiberij. · ·.
"Pa / ghats five baptifmo adrefùrreäionem. See lib. force.
Σαά% w d \ & Ursgårgòyoy. See lib. force. . .
EnCana and axlwoTn) {α. Founds ibid. 2.
Pentecoft farthest downstream of the refùrreéìionem four AMAi.
at the Supper, in which the child was recalled home to conduct Iefus out of Egypt.
After Herod's death at the beginning kingdom Archelai, Iofephus fomnio no.
Iefu wholly Mary with a child brings into Palaestinafi, Julia year period.
næ 4713 after Easter, which occurred in Eclipfis moon day of January. I
ta is put back, it is not vin, so that one thing and doing scripfimus. That warn ,.
not of this calumny, while I open the window. The thread of the story, the arrival of the Magi ,.
Migration & Mary in Egypt fated agreed to or greater Iefus.
notino or next Diodotus and which only recently have some of it.
but also old and are fragrant. However, after he was called out of Egypt.
Passover, which the epoch in Dionyfianam been taken previously menfibus of nine. In which.
Dionyfij that fupinitas fated argued. But this does not once again.
Caebiae journals just before conccptionem 1ohanni 3aptista. Luca 1.
 .
Are excellent and worth studying, which can be a few explicarinon. Posterity.
Aaron's xx 1 V families, fedecim Eleazar Oh and to the Ithamaro closer.
The alleged. These plates are a thing of the families of the place of be broken through the divine power worked in the temple, enter the.
histerio each with periodic movements. Re David is an old plan.
gis, of hys dayes of his life. 1 Chron. Rev. 11, and 27. The first of those families.
so He divided, so that the prerogatiue in it would be, first of which was a fortunate accident he manumitted him. 1 Chron.
XXIV, 7- Ioiarib the chance is gone, and therefore the leader of the families of :.
the second Jedaiah, and thus others, as set out in the same article XXIV. Never for me.
the ministry one another, anteuertebat, or for a liturgical time of the præripiebat, but at the end.
laying order which fell fuccedebant. Priests could still serve three times.
Function in a foreign country, Easter, Pentecost and Tabernacles. For Ont.
all the fathers of these three solemn fistebant be to God. - and they face.
The priests are bound to the same article, when desirable, too, the fathers of families to & ,.
fistebant & fefe equal to God. And they were not idle, then permitted them to the mini.
show and share parts such as the ministry to be. In the law.
Daicus: namy may nxvii Winx Dynam J S.XV. \ x ^ c ^ ix> NMT nibu ^ n>.
Place great coacedebatur: TnpUo vw y t * e pnbis psi insy% pa rin. "
them, but not to handed, attacked. But, nevertheless, may it not be lawful for ossero facrifi.
Greece vows, or fpontanea or \ x £ χαμες. This did these things by him, which they are.
old was ίφημε and α.

Page 335


{^ 5 ^. N o t AE. 5 5.
yixp £ iv or ix. But if any should meminiflet of the time, the one in which they were made of them.
For years he had been the minister in front of millet, the orbits of enumerating them all, he might yours be done.
diuinare to the end of the list, whose family funétio to the temple. It ranks.
neither right nor left to the fua vfque the times of the most resolute and writes Iofephus nom. e b) £ m.
for example, ά ό μεεισμός ἐe, $ O fiueey iu'pag. and the first families to be popular fuif.
fe writes, The chief articles of the nobility, and this is the habit of the place, with the nation be broken through. ίμοί3.
Μόνον 8% and 9% iepa ei G, A &. x x £ έ σp & της ἐφημέe / § aixoovravpoy%. τολή.
a & * k? & Qoey. Vnaquæque family πατε / α is said to Iofephus, facri.
The Bible, the r-; 5Wilt »μεεισμός. Iofephus also άφημέe ;, & Lucas άσημε and α. However.
Function of time so it can be called that and said φυλax * r ^ gyp.
Also ipye is Aarovpyia. And so niisye NPP liturgy, distinguished £ sacrificed.
In the seven days of the week abroad, how many days in every Ephemerie help.
Rabat: namely the sacrifices morning of Saturday morning sacrifice to be.
quentis Saturday. In fact, the liturgy of this are as follows: Lérins payo ^ r y r; wy ,.
Syin nrup, Saturday and adiiciebant ßenediétionem Ephemerie one of those things that come out.
miniflerio from fat. Therefore, on Saturday, went out of service, namely, before ripening.
whether fussitum, the establishment of loaves shewbread. Iofephus with David :.
Jiiv 5% ula, ττ ια} * £ gxordię πω Θεά? H * U £ PA; exto,> * ov.C € 4tv, € I av.
Catw. The O & iJonxá ;, to the esteem with only the seven weight. Lukas ἐπ ^ #.
And m £ u £ EZ. δxtò <r £ from? itrum τ. πιδίον. However ETX £ n * $ &%. only. So.
zzwtstrek said that only four years of solid district. Thus, the fun.
Ephemerie and the board of one of the seven men, who were told by us or 168.
Twice hieraticis. a hieratic figure, who, indeed, of the world will never be the same day to the Iu.
Lian returns, except after a 2 x 4 years, Julian, who made 487, and the disc hieraticis.
at the same time Julian journals will start to serve, or taken, from which.
Julian years to 224. For the truth is that 23 years have elapsed Julian 5o.
hieraticis disc, but defunt 18 hours. And therefore, when the holidays for 47 years, Neo.
meniarum return in the world in the interval that there are cycle 13, replaced.
537, too, the orbs of a hieratic figure. But, as I dcfunt 8 hours. So true ho.
Rum orbit period is 4 years 2. 2. Star. This is the Hierar.
so religiously observed until drawn back into the temple that is above the said.
mouse, no family fun and mishandling of the part, or (b% might be, for example adco year.
excidij of the temple, it is customary and fasting, and with the demands of decimæfeptimæ of Tamuz Pompeius, in the.
a shortage of the families of the cerpellatum takes place, which at the time the order to the service of the illius solen.
end call, even though her family, she was the most fun & TA service, Po.
"Settling fubstitui obligatory, as is customary for men facrum shortage omitted.
But, however, it was omitted from the lack of that Ephemeris, upon which from the order, that condition.
week belonged. Religion in the order prescribed by the Alwaies.
seruand. In the former it can be continued so that it becomes the temple of the daily facri were standing, there is no doubt.
Saturn, and ¥ agyagos he said. That Zelatabac continuous, therefore it is never the Hebrew.
hieraticis continue weekdays, and the facerdotibus ipfis a dreadful i.
dolomaniam paid. For an order from Alwaies plan Hezekiah was restored.
, before Easter Sunday. 1 1 Chronic. XXIX, 25. If I would have continued.
daily sacrifice, needed funétio and their families would be continued. It is not.
Ezekial would then need to restore order. He did the same and Iofias.
Fuum to celebrate Passover. 1 1 Chronic. xxxv, 4. No, nor yet Ephemeris.
100 4 reality and te56 1 N F L A G E N T 1000 A.
subject and the observer are as Jews, Ezekiel upbraidingly XXIV, 7, 8. Contra force.
it can not be undone derived from eiufdem Ezekiel 1 x 50 V, 15. In addition, the Jews.
quasi handed have captured and incenfum Temple by the Babylonians.
From three o'clock, journals Ioiarib. The grim for carimine »pipe no.
From out of the perfona presbyterij na, we read these verficulos rythmic.
NY £ n nywa vninº mygna 7) ienomamenfis, time vessertinitemporis ,.
anin; £-end shipped; snnty ^ y ys Quumessem in the vigiliamea, by keeping awake to Jehoiarib, the ,.
INPN wrait nsy ayiwr, Day, Introiithoflis and facrificiafua offered.
rin. NY sºm VP8 • - s ** 3 infančtuarium iniussù1 entry EFL) wishes.
And yet this interval of time after the Passover of Hezekiah, is convenient therefore to the destruction of the temple, neither.
a Pa (cha Iofiae. Jehoiakim but also worship idols, and Sedekias. CWJ and therefore \ criterion.
χαμά disregarding, or not to continue to tie it up. Otherwise, p.
from the beginning of the year in which he kept the feast of the dedication of the temple of Solomon, to the destruction of the temple ,.
the daily sacrifice was observed, that is, from 2. 9 month period of the year Julian.
'37o3, which occurred in March 3o, on feptimi 5 Fane by the time the fair seventh.
For Matt July in the year 4114, which entered into a hieratic week, in which the temple.
incenfum was that within 41 years fpatium 1, the outlet will be found 118 ,.
that they are absolved disc hieraticis 9 1 6. Only we can extend the account (er.
uiatione this order under the former temple. Under the latter there could in any way.


Page 336


CHO. For the foundations of the Temple is a Zorobabel and tie, the pollution, tan.
as well as far away, as he is at sacrifice, so that the Jews facris been on the alert Sabba.
toquodam the son of Lagus, a city with Ptolemeo break into the attacks in the books they prefer, rather than.
facri defistere in the operation. Which is a privileged place in AGATHARCHIDES old.
Iofephus's reveal at: @ xgàs' & c. IsJaioi tixv oixojts; £ x degrees.
Zaca,% XXXo Iaeyaiavua. avu% j {áí άγχειες 2 2 %% i ejiguäo AI and $ w, l.
μέεας e μπὸ ® άπλα ßaqvô CW Aei; AIP ^ uäois όνοις ».ante% apyia; &% From, "μα.
* T3 2%? Riwexáô, λάτ <p> shocks »Salae, £ x CW? Scey, ext ®xât * * $ & @ ¢ χέας.
χζμά g. TI "******* • sigiir value F% & * %%% from Agysv, A3 'ti jus..
(E? J% των Gold <pvzg * L3Y tlaj tixw 34tney) toy τω aiua, ie zrate}; {εἰληφ.
4 aazitio zxe} »O 3. Hue & Aëyx9m% qaózsy άω δισμό. £ 5% from ovw / τλω CXOI.
voy ae A $$ zajrw; Λεσίόαχ τωικών φυγά εἰς & ίτna A to <& ^% V% of AG.
μάω ότΒοια, λά 'a) ti; ajSpotiois 23), ovoi; a 3% ** * E9v from OV & £% A & W * avoir.
The largest number of these XXIV of the families living in Jerusalem. Nehemiae.
XR, 12. From thence came to be, I would not have the daily sacrifice was besieged, indeed, vrbe cefter.
Ret shortage facerdotum. Now the rest of the people, when facerdotum in the fields, the villages, and the villages, ha.
bitabat. But the temple had been profaned by Antiochus, as it was as if no one else.
temple, no sacrifice previously fuifTet. And so, it was necessary for it to Judas. Macau.
Bacot introduce a new plan, families recenfere, facerdotes that be a con.
taminatione Syrian fresh conferuauerant, felig. That diferte it is delivered.
1 Macabæorum 1 v 42. From the time the destruction of the Temple under Vefpafia.
no, no endelechifmo appeared on disability, consequently there is also the whole here.
ratico. Neither idolomaniæ, under which the kings of Judah in the daily sacrifice.
terruperat, any help for a step back under the house, do not want any war.
li able to do so, speak to the aid, so that the daily sacrifice from the enca.
money man o t ae. 57.
!.
, A pat her. On the 'interval he sacrifices the same book. 4% O.
nightmares Macabæis the last times of the exigencies of the war of the Jews was, He came four times, for, ..., ■■, they are.
2 wherein were then taken twice. Obsefla is equal to AntiojjTE, Ato.
n, also Antiochus Sidetes taken from Pompey, and twenty years later, and a Sofia.
Herod. In his four cafibus Iofephus shows, never ceflasse facrifi.
'Task daily. Powered by an end of XVII qie »Jerusalem by Titus, because ;.
tired, lack facerdotum words Iofephus lib. J. possessed, ssfi., Ierosoly.
Mis: Jiawei; U # xoA'owov% W% T; o PO / jo $% & mute / from? % Voïage% vtxtj j. ^.
Θεά, ττεσ rising $% & virijo a & g2sjtt, $% @ u na μάo, doxouç. & A. Dioh.
quadragefimonono book and ττούτον γ "TI; £ fnaxáé, Assia z%.
43 ¢ e * iesj yap2 %%% %%% <Sv τε ἀ> ,, 4asio.
cyáq? Alex %% A; dú τύt. A3 'έλλειτΖ τε you.
DX ovog Div. v. ά%%% F Po / gjo, towa ******% Ubro, oh Touz'iog R / * 23a..
MV 1 <t, f i • N • T ^ 1 ^ 5 / ^ va.
τῆς καρτεελας ἀ 1 »%» J83 d **% azuzor, x} μέλιςa & μη έάγ from χλjaw της%%% o £ IAG cy.
v £ bird τίς ss% it ajazsvóss. And z} 53 ciptajns 325 «F; xatg'an; ** A / ajter% voia ,.
x% uieyy%, 2 ot 100 aytouoi, Σ τάaz% egttfa. R3 'taxes / £; £% \ xeiis ta ^ G) that on.
<=? xaT 'stars or (a) (a) £ xaci, <τα}} / 3ομά φον & άδιοι γ καθ' u £ egy rouluo, cl; §.
άνακεία ἐπίτravi. Have we ever once he could be brought to the example of more enlightened and more? Out again.
Pompey wait for the time being, p.25 ;. J \ 'o; ti; c / %% v τω ^ z% ολω%.
from € την Θεοῦ δατ € ¢ A, Σ τω φυλακω? % er y, and z ^ μπὸ) f%; τολιςpxia; %.
</ C $; /.
»« 7ε συ φροτεεοις.
> "R o v e A.
έπει} u £ EZ assico; Kc & £%.
1 hour. .
άόνα τούσα,, but also on the 1.
íeów.
g) 6% ov • \ "1> \. \ TV "• 1 ./".
άμτοσζωδι'ων ie} ς (ας íee9vpytag, 2823. 33 * 7 * ng gees opa g / so and three! 100 / at. "Aga ,.
iępystátor and I ssous%. £. What is more clear evidence that the daily sacrifices.
never, not even in the war, but that, though not all? However difertiu§ poflea. . τολίμιοι.
AO aiazezyrz; AA PA £ o, <3i; S, U, ^ exactly, ie ot 5}; τεῖςjjvaia; 8jj jtty ieegyp) season.
. £ 5 xirvso $ άτ 'ex ejns.
v $; 3U £ ez; (IIarduovJ 'άααλεκχτη%) T; C, 3% Agua, x% n o = & ajjpô ττεία <%.
Aezsitiva, T, F © him Σ τὸ grandfather ά τίύτα J} \ d Iyóg% vuêì. Consider Ila εμον} x £ e.
Ata '**, that is, of Tamuz Jewish belief, however, is not Paneme Syromacedonum Julia.
Art. , It is customary act of fasting is to be understood that dccimafeptima Powered by how many.
vfque years, set up by the Jews to this day, and this year it had fallen into.
XT July, on the first day. Nor do we know that Jews toils, c / JEX £ Yagua, defer.
gentlemen. The book is forced to fifteen 1 1 Powered note was broken Tabu.
le the delay c / JeXeyou} ς. City chapped »Sec. This is a day hός Ess, yns a.
Powered xvil fate of Jerusalem, which is the same time taken »and in the ende.
lechifmus failed. Then again, in the liturgy of fasting Powered they sing: "She is *>.
npam ti ppen VPRIA. Since it was abolished on emdelechifmus: This endelechjmus.
fùblatus day. Therefore, being preceded by a week a hieratic figure of the revolt of fabbato, facerdo.
Hunger braced steel fublatis. And why journals, which recently walked away mini.


Page 337


for example, the lack of men? the daily sacrifice, and that capital is for.
Lynn Powered tendencies? Because it is surely wrong, and supposed that Ephemerie in Io.
fuccedit with someone else, do not τα τερ) to be ashamed for: that brilliant is described.
• succession in the Iofephus and sold. This completely öanonìi, Ji Ira *>.
end PT I \ 'Sri nTiya prazy * * * 31. Every priest flue flue Levi ,, which fefe.
Function and mingling with other punished. To such an extent, that neither by his priest Lc.
life, nor Levite Priest for the service focietate be able to accept that.
cruditissims yl everything Lcui Bcn Gcrfom cxponere numbers x 1 1. See § 1.
mouse, quæ58 1 N F L A G E N T 1000 A.
mouse, that the family failed, the case fa as well as plowing endelechifmus ,.
The Hebrews call Tpr. Jude Macabæus then has applied the principle of service.
PEM family Jojarib, celebrated with a feast. In fact, of those at the Judas ipfemet.
Prince family Jojarib than Grgci now i 'Apius Inl1nC ioap) 3 call. At first.
Macabre. 11, or 1. At first time Encæniis serving him with his family.
gels? He used the care of a hieratic figure Function of the people, then, Judas, and not other people.
For this is what the immolation of the first, and the first concerning the regular burnt sacrifice of the morning ,.
perfpicue noted that Macabæorum 1 1 V, 52, are celebrated, and Mn.
Caen XXIV of November, on the fertile periods of the year 4549. On the other Iuliano.
the third day of the Ephemeris, and Jehoiarib, the rat, which is a couple of days before, incenfum he had offered to God.
£ same head, quinquagefimo by commas. For Temple, and thus iaeztafas.
"Ἐγκαιομές Judas introduétus is consequently not from another family, which by.
the prince of the movement began, that no one can deny that. From the second day of the nine vicefimum.
October, in the year 4549, which was a Saturday, and the first time Ephemerie Jojarib to.
decimamquartam of July in the year 4783 a period of Julian when he failed Ephemer.
Syria, the year equal to 2.33, which is equal to the disc 2. 34. hieraticis 5o7, Day 1 6 1 now.
twenty three Ephemerie defunétæ service on the fourteenth of July, and accomplish this.
give the fourteenth to July, the last to enter into the family owed nunus fuum Maa.
Ziaur. In the last failed endelechifmus the journals, which Daniel Div.
Ix, Verf. 1 1. Matt Matt. xx 1 1 1 1, Vtrf. XT. And this out.
institute, in experience, in the time of, the providing of the Ephemeris a hieratic figure.
If one more of those defiderantur, press for the bill, entitled nineye NEP ,.
This is the liturgy. It is there that he will see, in what manner to each of the people.
Function Ephemerie be less of a distributed. One incenfùm forties.
space; concinnationem lamps and other lamps; Another wood-con.
struétionem upon the altar; And thus the other parts, so there exists the first Chronicles, cap.vicefi.
mo third, Verf. vicefimo oétauo. vicefimum none tricefimo, tricefimo first ,.
tricefimo ongoing. Thus we see that Zechariah, the father of John the Baptist on a po.
pularibus Ephemerie Abia incenfi forririm to take care of. And so no one po.
Scant incenfum Ossero, praeter name. So then read in Lifu.
giarum. • ** ■ naiEn n8 Igi?; ^ P Pyii sp ONIVS ipsr, isia Tyi> i TNB IPs.
£ oici and set the right ingredinihi! & Fortiebantur any sacrifice, quisssargeret, who ici.
spinning raise the altar inside, Sec. He says, Come, into the Temple. For there it is.
fortiebantur. It also Lucas, Zachary x T $ AG $ iaegtatá; άλαχ • *% Vua.
oz aiatx% a) push τὸ τω τά Θεά. I know that this phrase differently to others explained. But out.
fussitu place written utmost ao '£ m x PT IP, Asia r iwp% fipjn CN * St.
■> IV IP ■ 2l. Telling them Neoterici fùssitum to enter and $ stronger.
fortiebantur. And it happened more chance, to chance only. At this time, however, the fun.
gi service journals have started from Abia, begin to find a less than that.
Angel Zachary fefe on the show through the seven days of family Abias Ini.
nistrauerit. We have already said the function of Ephemeris to Jehoiarib, the iniuisse fuum vicefimum.
second day of November in the year 4549 periods Star. Abi'jah journals.
The mounts order. So coming into the liturgy in his native quinquagefimo the world here.
ratici. Accordingly, he went into the tenth day of January in the year 455o. Now accefîît to Christ.
A 58 year baptifmum & tiacum fifteenth Tiberij "with or immediately entered.
whether triccfimum first, then that was born 28 years Aetium, which will miss.
O1ll1l1SN o t ae. 59.
he believed, with good reason regards all the oldest of the Ecclesia, the last two years before the epoch in contemporary culture.
Dionyfianam, a year or more before the death of Herod. x 1 v menfibus the past.
Euangelifmus of Zechariah, who it happened that, as is evident from the thread of the history of. According to this firm.
graded and unchanging hypothefim when Christ was born the year is nearly the menfibus be.
Rio de Julian 47i, euangelifmus Zachary happen in 471o, the ephemeriaA.
biae entered service diexxi July. A Io Ianuarijanni 455o, which is the same journals.
After the service, he went Encgnia Macabgi, adSabbatum .1 Iulijanni 47Io flowed.
of the year 16o, a day is 192: 349 Of Abia, who are the orbs of a hieratic figure præcife. Therefore Matt Iulijèz ^%.
3,32j w £ PA, FIG xdvspyia; Zacharias. Since the concept of July 28, John, b.
between .1 and 28 day euangelifmus fell.

Page 338


sua Zachary fefe to receive a mark of 1, 2, 3, lived in the hill :.
At the same, feptimanæ euangelifmus 39. But how many of the day, and not to the estate.
Sea can be inflicted on the concept feptimanæ fequentis John. In this.
existent or are coniecturævanæ, but merse demonstrations from the ratio of the times that were.
the bus can not be contradicted. So is Elizabeth immediately after the return of the men.
pregnant. e άγετο, άς άτλ} n £ $ £ j * u p & T%; λάτερχιας / T% V ?, dtjx him; * Oikov αστά. a ?.
5 (b Vtag τως £ v £ PA; wwázg from £ exuatur and r >> a / t /, $ z? / £ from xpv%, άαντωpuja; zτύτε. I'm.
they are made up of the Liturgy to its morning sacrifices XXV 1 1 1 July. And then returned.
The conception of John, was it, then, is fallen into the end of the Iulijanni 471o. And for 5 men (are integers.
occultauit be Elizabeth and Gabriel missusad force at the beginning of Miriam, this am.
inhibits they have fallen circiter the end of December was the date when, after the Euangelifmum Gabriel 's.
Seas related to his native inuiferit, to menfis election V1, which has generally sterile, and has been held.
finger annual. Why birth of Christ would lie around the end of September, days.
oxno **) {ας, the cycle of the moon is eighteen, the summer season, when under tents and in the open air, and the PA.
, prophesy, the time of year, too, gygavxô finishes. In fact, he writes Luke, the Birth of the Lord.
the pastors; gavzs% (and was ς, that is, under dioinagris cubasse. Hoctempus planeinitio.
autumn, mindful of this, as mentioned in Iudæaadhuc of the east wind ardcntissimi, præfertim eoanno, which they are.
Almost in the ipfum they are mild or the Aequi should oxryoznya & tiv this occurs, it 28anno A and tiacoria; a & gp vxaj, that is ,.
C, ùtzj3 ;, 3 & vvx ap y, there cóuenitbrumalibus dicbus, quibuspotius turn and no cattle.
Sharon is forced præfertim in the hills of Bethlehem. To set the time of birth at home.
can be designated in it, liquefying, so the day can not. John was born vltimaEpheme.
Syria intemplo server. For vnaquæque journals after 161 days redibafadfun.
And making the world hieraticis fuam.168 days from the feptenosfingulæ Ephemerie.
services. The survivors from the 161 days in which they spent in every household. who fi ex 273die.
the bus can be deduced that there is a time when muliergestat in the womb, 112 days, virtually no fuperfunt.
the clay from which derive again 7, which furnished the family Abia, fuperfunt io5 this.
the fifteen families Qug postfamiliam Abia ministered adtempus offspring. Therefore.
Matt families resting and tie, fupererat last, quanatus John. But to clear him.
demfere temporeanni & Christ was born and was baptized. For during the time baptifmi.
3o years to the point of absolute, and this veterestempusbaptifmi her birthday.
in half to celebrate. Debaptifmo opinion oldest of them is quibaptizatumdi.
They say Jd.Nouem.menfeMarchefvvan force. AtNatalis fell into the shelters. It is not.
So we are at the moment a lot of time baptifmi birthday. Deveteri opinioncNata.
In case of force eleventh of November, have at Epiphany.
F 1 N 1 S ._-.
  _.
^, 1 1 1. /. % N </..
.
".
№.
s.
_ _.
(*.
→.
•.
•.
• G. S4.
*.
*.
*.
*.
*.
*.
*.